　「<chara>」ルートが解放されました。

プロローグをスキップしますか？

Monday

Tuesday

Wednesday

Thursday

Friday

Saturday

Sunday

Would you like to enable the Route Guide? Information about the chosen heroine will be displayed on conversation selections etc. when turned on.

Selecting a choice outside of the Route Guide will turn off the feature. The Route Guide cannot be re-enabled once it has been turned off. Are you sure?

The Route Guide cannot be re-enabled once it has been turned off. Are you sure?

A childhood friend who attends the same school and is in the same grade as Hiroyuki. She lives in the same area as him and they have known each other for as long as they can remember. Akari has a modest but kind and caring personality, so Hiroyuki sometimes finds himself being looked after by her. However, she also has moments where her mental fortitude shines through. While she may know Hiroyuki better than anybody else, it also means that she has feelings for him that she can't reveal.

Attends the same school and is in the same grade as Hiroyuki. She has known Hiroyuki, Akari, and Masashi since middle school. Hiroyuki and Shiho have a love-hate relationship that others would vouch for-they have silly arguments whenever they meet, and can be competitive when it comes to games and karaoke. She's a cheerful teenager who loves music and gossiping, but also puts her friends first- -Which is precisely why she notices the secret feelings of her best friend, Akari…

A first-year student starting school in April. Her official name is HMX-12 Multi and she's a prototype of the latest model of robomaid developed by Kurusugawa Heavy Industries. She has been sent to Hiroyuki's school, for testing purposes, to live life as a student. Multi was developed not to be perfect, but with a priority on being able to live in harmony with people. This means that she's often careless and makes mistakes. While she may lament that she's not perfect like other robomaids, she still continues to do her best to bring joy to humans.

A girl from Kansai who moved to Hiroyuki's city for high school and is also in the same grade as him. Her excellent grades and serious demeanor have earned her the trust of teachers, but she refuses to make friends and pushes others away with her attitude. This makes her stand out in class, causing her to be viewed with envy by some girls. But there's a reason for her stubbornness…

A senior student one year above Hiroyuki at the same school. She is the granddaughter of the chairman of the Kurusugawa Group, a giant corporation with extensive influence over the financial world. A well-to-do young lady of epic proportions, whose ride to school is a luxury car, she's mostly quiet and seems to live in her own world. Her hobbies include the occult and she is a member of the Occult Research Club. All of this is part of the reason why she doesn't appear to have any close friends and spends a lot of her time alone.

A girl who attends the same school and is in the same grade as Hiroyuki. She has a Japanese mother and an American father. Her blond hair can be spotted from a mile away. Lemmy grew up in the United States but was born in Japan, so she has vast knowledge about Japanese culture and often uses difficult proverbs. She is very active as can be seen through her club activities and part-time job on her days off. While she's the social type to be friendly to everyone, something happens that reveals a different side of her to Hiroyuki.

A passionate first-year student starting school in April who doesn't have the interests of a teenage girl and is completely obsessed with martial arts. She is particularly enthusiastic about mixed martial arts and devotes herself to starting a school club to share the joy with others. Along the way, she meets Hiroyuki and recruits him to join the club where she garners his respect. Something in her past triggered her shift from karate to mixed martial arts, and following this story reveals her connection to a certain individual…

A first-year student starting school in April. She doesn't say much and has a gloominess about her. Yet, for some reason, strange and unexplainable phenomena often occur in her presence. This causes others to keep their distance from her and for her to avoid them as well. One day, a certain occurrence helps her to start opening her heart toward Hiroyuki.

Attends the same school and is in the same grade as Hiroyuki. One day, she suddenly professes her love for Hiroyuki, despite them not actually knowing each other. Her personal circumstances lead her to have multiple part-time jobs at once, but she is careless and often causes trouble. Urged by her insistence for an answer, Hiroyuki suggests that they get to know each other first.

Attends Terajo Girls Academy and is in the same grade as Hiroyuki. She is Serika's younger sister and is another well-off young lady of epic proportions. Despite this, she is extremely sociable and athletic-the polar opposite of her sister. Her hobby is training in mixed martial arts and her talents have her pitted against professional fighters, despite still being a high schooler. With this in mind, Hiroyuki somehow finds himself competing against her in mixed martial arts…

Skip opening?

"

"

<rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back

<rep LS>/<rep Dall>Select <rep L1>/<rep R1>Flip Page <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back

<decide>Fast Forward Page <rep triangle>Auto <rep R1>Fast Forward <rep L1>Backlog <rep square>Display UI <rep options>Options

Skip

<rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select <decide>Confirm <rep L1>Backlog <rep options>Options

<rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Scroll <rep LSleftright>/<rep Dleftright>Skip Page <decide>Play Audio <cancel>Close

<rep LS>/<rep Dall>Select <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back <rep options>Options

<rep LS>/<rep Dall>Select <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back

<rep LS>Move <rep R1>Walk <rep RS>Camera <decide>Talk <rep square>Map <rep options>Options

<rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back

<rep L1>/<rep R1>Select Category <rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select Setting <rep LSleftright>/<rep Dleftright>Change Setting <cancel>Back <rep triangle>Restore Default Settings

<rep L1>/<rep R1>Select Category <rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select Setting <rep LSleftright>/<rep Dleftright>Select Character <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back

<rep L1>/<rep R1>Select Category <rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select Setting <rep LSleftright>/<rep Dleftright>Change Setting <cancel>Back

<rep L1>/<rep R1>Select Category <rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select Setting <rep LSleftright>/<rep Dleftright>Change Setting <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back <rep triangle>Restore Default Settings

<rep LSleftright>/<rep Dleftright>Select Character <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back

<rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select Scene <rep L1>/<rep R1>Flip Page <decide>Confirm <cancel>Back

<rep LSupdown>/<rep Dupdown>Select Option <rep LSleftright>/<rep Dleftright>Adjust Value <rep RS>Rotate <decide>Confirm/Play <cancel>Pause <rep square>Display UI <rep triangle>Switch Camera <rep options>End

*beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep*

*click*

I reach a hand out from under the blanket and turn off my alarm clock.

Urrgh…

Somehow, it's already morning.

I feel like I got in bed minutes ago.

Still half asleep, I sluggishly reach out and open the curtains.

Blinding morning light shines in and brightens the room.

It's a pleasant, sunny morning.

I can feel the warmth of the sunlight through my blanket.

Tilting my head to the side, I take a look at the clock.

It's 7:30, my usual wake-up time.

I still have a few minutes to spare.

So, I think I'll stay in bed and let my body wake up the rest of the way.

…

I rest for a few drowsy minutes.

Aah, it's times like these that I appreciate every second I have.

Mm…

*ding-dong*

*ding-dong*

*ding-dong*

Mmmm…

Yuki!

I hear a familiar voice outside the window.

It's Akari.

Enough with the ding-dongs!

Yuki, are you up?!

Of course I am.

*ding-dong*

Yuki! Hey, Yuki!

Man, Akari…

I've told her a million times to knock it off with that nickname, but she just doesn't listen.

We're not little kids anymore.

Yuki, you're gonna be late!

Yuki!!!

I told you! Stop calling me Yuki! It's Hiroyuki!

I yell, jumping up in bed.

As soon as I sit up, I see the time on the clock and panic.

Ack!

8:01?!

Whoa, not good!

I'd usually be leaving the house by now!

I frantically leap out of bed.

Hey, Yuki, wake up!

Akari's still shouting at me from outside.

Augh, does she have to keep screaming my name?!

The whole neighborhood can hear her!

Yukiii!!!

I'm awake already!

I yell out the window, ripping off the t-shirt I had been wearing as pajamas.

I yank a shirt off a hanger and jam my arms through the sleeves.

I put on pants and socks, throw my bag and the school uniform jacket under my arm, and rush out of the room.

*stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*

I button my shirt as I descend the stairs, skipping every other step.

I toss my bag and jacket onto the shoe rack and unlock the front door.

Then, I take a deep breath and open the door.

Good morning, Yuki.

Akari says, smiling as she steps inside.

Geez, I kept calling and you never answered. I didn't know what happened to you! You know you have to wake up on time.

Y'know, Akari…

I mutter.

What?

I appreciate you coming to wake me up. It's a big help. But still…

What is it?

Don't scream so loud for me to wake up! It's embarrassing!

B-But I thought you were still sleeping, and you would've been late if you didn't get up soon.

Man, are you trying to make me the laughing stock of the neighborhood?

Um, sorry.

Akari Kamigishi's a childhood friend of mine who lives in the neighborhood. We're the same age.

We've known each other for as long as we can remember.

We also happen to attend the same high school and walk there together every morning.

Usually, we meet up on the street in front of the house, but she probably came to get me because I was late.

Also, Akari…

What is it?

Like I keep saying, can you stop calling me Yuki so much?

I dunno…

Can't you call me Hiroyuki or Fujita or something? That little kid nickname is too embarrassing. We're in high school now.

But you've been Yuki ever since we were little,

and you'll always be Yuki to me, so I'd like to call you Yuki forever.

Stop saying it so much!

Sorry.

She reflexively apologizes and smiles.

A-Anyway, you need to get ready quick or we're gonna be late.

Oh, right.

There's no time for this.

Akari, you can go on without me.

What?

I still need to wash my face. If you wait for me, we'll both end up having to run.

Hmm, that's fine. I can wait.

Yeah? Then give me a minute.

Okay.

I hurry to the bathroom.

My parents have been away from home for work for four months now.

I was finally starting to get used to living on my own, but I still make mistakes like this sometimes.

It's always great to have Akari around at times like these.

I get that I only have myself to blame, but I still want to complain to my parents.

I understand they have their reasons-they were transferred and have a longer commute-but how could they abandon their high school freshman son?

I might just become a delinquent because of this.

They could at least give me more spending money.

But that's neither here nor there.

I quickly brush my teeth and wash my face with the cold water from the faucet.

I wet my hair to fix my bedhead and dry it with the hair dryer while quickly brushing it.

It all takes precisely one minute.

Alright, time to go.

I stick my feet in my shoes.

Yuki, what about breakfast?

Like I've got time to eat. I'm locking the door, get moving.

Oh, uh, okay.

I push Akari from behind and leave the house.

We run from my house to the park.

C'mon, hurry!

*huff, huff* W-Wait, Yuki, slow down a little.

When I see the way Akari was struggling to catch her breath, I let out an exasperated sigh.

Man, I said you should've gone ahead without me. I can get to school in fifteen minutes by myself.

I-I can't…

Fine, then let's walk for a bit. We'll start running again once we're out of the park.

Okay.

We enter the park.

Cutting diagonally through the park will get us to the train station much faster.

It's so convenient that everyone who lives around here uses the park instead of the road.

We walk down a path inlaid with pastel-colored tiles.

The pigeons gather at the sides of the path, huddling together in patches of warm sunlight.

Surrounded by familiar sights, it's a morning just like any other.

However, the gentle breeze signals that spring is approaching.

The weather's getting a little warmer.

Akari says, peering into my eyes.

Her bangs flutter in the wind.

It's like it's spring already.

I guess.

My detached response must've been funny to her. She giggles.

By the way, Yuki…

Akari's tone changes a bit.

Yeah?

You have to eat breakfast.

Why bring that up now?

Well, you didn't have breakfast again.

Not much I could do about that today. Where would I have found time to eat?

You could at least have grabbed a snack. You have to eat something.

She sounds a little stern.

Akari's usually pretty go-with-the-flow, but every now and then, she speaks to me with an air of authority, like a big sister might.

Most of the time it's to give me a heads-up regarding my day-to-day habits.

And today wasn't the only time. You've been skipping breakfast every day for a while.

I guess.

If you don't eat when you get up, your blood sugar will dip, and you'll be out of it and sleepy all morning.

Huh, really? I see. That'd explain why I've been napping so much lately. Skipping breakfast does that?

…

You were just thinking that's not the only reason I'm sleepy, weren't you?

What?! N-No, not at all! Nope.

Akari's not the lying type. I can see the truth all over her face.

A-Anyway, don't sleep in, and make sure to eat breakfast.

I know that's what I should do, it's just…

What?

Eating is one thing, but cooking first thing in the morning is a pain.

I live alone, so there's obviously no one to make breakfast for me.

That means I have to make it myself, but I hate it.

I'm more tired than hungry in the morning, so I prioritize sleep.

But if there were food ready, I'd eat it.

Geez, you're so lazy.

Akari says, eyes smiling as she giggles.

Fine, then what if I came and cooked for you starting tomorrow?

You would seriously make breakfast for me?

Okay.

Akari making me breakfast?

Hm, not a bad suggestion.

If Akari's good at anything, it's cooking.

We've known each other for long enough that she knows just what I like too.

I have no reason to say no.

Alright then.

Okay, go for it then. Thanks.

Great!

Akari nods with glee.

I'll bring the ingredients over to your house tomorrow.

Sounds good.

Hmm… What should I cook?

Looking up at the sky, Akari seems to be formulating some kind of plan.

Would you like Japanese food for breakfast? Or Western food?

I guess Japanese food if I had to pick.

Mhm, and do you want anything specific?

Not really.

Then I'll decide. I'll come over at seven tomorrow, okay?

I can't believe what I'm hearing.

Seven? That early?!

Yeah, since we leave at eight. I think we'll need around an hour.

Hold up! Forget it.

Aww, why?

I can't wake up that early. I'll just eat some bread or whatever. You don't care as long as I eat something, right?

I mean, no, but…

Well, I appreciate that you offered anyway.

Really?

Although Akari doesn't argue with me, she doesn't seem very happy with my decision either.

In all the time that I'd known her, Akari had never changed.

Akari has always been caring and a little bit of a busybody.

That was true when we were little, and it's still true now.

She even still uses the same nickname for me.

You really don't change, do you?

What? What about me hasn't changed?

Everything.

What do you mean?

Akari looks perplexed.

I mean exactly what it sounds like I mean.

I say, speaking in a teasing tone.

Anyway, we need to run. I'll go slower this time, just don't fall behind.

Oh, uh, w-wait…

I run off without answering Akari.

The instant I run out of the shade, I'm hit full force by blinding sunlight.

I squint and look up at the sky.

The clear blue sky seems to stretch on forever.

It feels like I could melt into that endless blue sky, like it could swallow me whole if I stretched my arms high enough.

This would be the second spring of my high school experience.

I often feel my heart start racing out of nowhere as of late.

I don't know why.

Maybe the spring weather has something to do with it.

Or maybe it's some kind of omen.

Well, whatever.

At any rate, spring has come again.

Our high school's at the top of a hill.

That means we have to climb a long way uphill every morning, and it's pretty exhausting.

However, it's a nice spot, and it means our sports field is larger than those of most other city schools, so it's an easy problem to ignore.

I pass a few other students on the way up the hill.

The light pink uniform for the girls stands out even from a distance.

This must be the last group of kids to arrive before the bell rings.

As long as I arrive at the same time as them, I'll be okay.

I stop running and begin walking at a normal pace.

My breathing calms as I look behind me.

Akari finally catches up several seconds later.

*huff, huff*

Her chest is heaving.

Looks like we made it. If we're arriving with these students, we should be good.

Y-Yeah… *huff, huff*

…

*huff, huff*

…

*huff, huff*

You should get more exercise.

Urgh…

When we're halfway up the hill, Akari points up ahead.

Hey, Yuki, isn't that Shiho?

I look and see someone familiar from behind.

I've known her since middle school, so of course I recognize her.

However, I decide to ignore her.

Although I normally say hello to anyone I know, it's different with Shiho.

Nothing good can come of talking to her, and we have no time to waste.

I'll just pretend I didn't see her―

Shiho!

…

However, no sooner do I think that than Akari calls out before I can stop her.

Oh, hi! Good morning, Akari!

Shiho waves.

Then she looks at me.

Ugh, Hiro?!

Her face immediately goes expressionless.

Let me guess-Oh crap, I'm late!

Hey, what's that supposed to mean? Look at the time. We're not late yet.

Oh, you're right. That's weird. So, is it the clock that's running late or something?

Hey.

I mean, everyone already calls you the king of lateness.

No one's ever called me that but you.

Hm, are you sure about that?

The girl annoying me first thing in the morning is none other than Shiho Nagaoka.

I've had the misfortune of knowing her since middle school. She's always saying things like this.

We're constantly having pointless arguments as a result.

At this point, it's fair to call her a menace, a threat to my tranquil school life.

Hey, just so you know, I've hardly been late since starting high school. I'm on the straight and narrow.

Are you now? Ahaha, if showing up on time is that meaningful, then that would make me the best student in the school!

Hah. What a dumb thing to say. The day you're top student is the day this school-and maybe even the whole country-is doomed.

You're the last person who should be talking to me that way!

Come on, guys. Calm down…

Akari steps in at the perfect moment.

This now-familiar pattern of behavior has been repeating itself since middle school.

Shiho and Akari have opposite personalities and interests, but for some reason they always get along strangely well.

They seem to have some baffling sort of compatibility and have been best friends since middle school.

Opposites attract, I guess.

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

The bell chimes.

Although that's actually just the pre-bell which alerts us that we have five minutes left, the school still shuts the gate for some reason.

Look at that! Associating with you is gonna make me late too.

It's your fault for not shutting up!

Anyway, we have to hurry!

We race to the gate.

It's still open, if only barely.

Hold up, you jerk!

Wait, Yuki!

I hear two pitiful cries behind me.

C'mon, better hurry or the teacher's gonna close it on you!

I shout back to my slower friends as I pass through the gate and…

*bump*

Aah!

…

Not looking where I'm going, I crash into a girl walking in front of me.

She's so light that instead of a collision, it ends up being a situation where I basically shove her forwards.

She immediately falls to the ground and ends up on her bottom.

M-My bad! Are you alright?!

I apologize first thing.

I've really screwed this one up.

Her bag flies through the air and lands pretty far away.

S-Sorry, that was totally my fault.

Scratching my head awkwardly, I approach the girl.

…

The first thing that catches my eye is her lustrous black hair.

The long, wavy hair reflects the sunlight and appears to glow softly.

Ngh…

She's a knockout, absolutely beautiful.

I've never seen this girl before.

She has a sort of mature air about her.

I guess she's a senior.

…

The girl remains on the ground looking confused.

Sorry, are you hurt?

I ask, stooping down.

…

However, rather than answer, she just stares at my face.

Uh, hello?

…

She gazes at me in silence.

Wh-What?

…

…

For some reason I don't understand, we just stare at each other.

…

…

…Ah?!

Her weird behavior seems to be contagious.

What are we doing, acting this way in front of the gate when school is about to start?

Here, just take my hand.

I hold a hand out.

…

She stares at my hand.

But she doesn't grab it.

Come on.

…

I hold my hand out again.

Again, she just stares.

This girl is weird.

Just grab my hand already!

It's only when I speak in a harsher tone that she nods and does as I ask.

She slowly grips my hand.

I pull her to her feet.

Sorry again about that. I mean it.. Are you okay?

…

She won't respond.

She continues to stare at my face without saying a word.

Wh-What? Is there something on my face?

…

I-Is she just a freak?

I notice a little sand on her skirt.

Oh, you got dirty.

I point.

…

The girl glances at the sand, but doesn't bother to wipe it off before looking back at me.

Look, it's dirty.

…

Um, hello? Can you hear me?

…

She doesn't respond.

Ugh, whatever, it's bugging me!

Fed up,

I brush the dirt off her skirt.

Here's your bag.

…

While I'm at it, I pick up her bag and hand it to her.

Uh, are you mad? Is that why you won't talk to me?

She shakes her head.

Oh? You're not mad?

She shakes her head again.

That's a relief.

…

At least she isn't mad.

Yuki, you have to hurry!

Akari calls out to me.

Uh oh, homeroom's about to start. You should hurry too. Bye! Sorry again!

…

She keeps staring at me as I wave and turn to leave.

I change into my school shoes and start walking down the hallway.

Yuki, was Kurusugawa okay? She didn't get hurt when she fell?

Akari asks me.

What? Kurusugawa?

Yeah, the girl you bumped into.

Her name's Kurusugawa?

Oh, you don't know her?

Nope. Never seen or heard of her. Kurusugawa's a pretty uncommon name.

Aaaahaha! Ignorance is the root of all evil, Hiro!

The annoying one butts in.

You're a student here and you don't know Serika Kurusugawa, the richest of all rich girls? That's nuts.

Nobody asked for your opinion.

You don't have to be mean. If you're just that ignorant, maybe I'll be so generous as to teach you.

You're just itching to tell me, aren't you? I see that glint in your eyes.

Well, you know, it's my job to make sure everyone has fair and equal access to school gossip.

What a pointless job.

If there's anything you want to know, feel free to ask me. The Shiho Network is a hotspot for all kinds of info<rep rep_heart>

Sure, whatever…

I nod and roll my eyes.

Fine, I'll tell you. Serika Kurusugawa, as in Kurusugawa Electric Works, Kurusugawa Metals, and Kurusugawa Bank. Do you know the Kurusugawa Group?

Yeah, even I've heard of them. Huh, so she's one of those Kurusugawas?

Yep, the famous Kurusugawas with all the commercials on the radio and TV. The CEO happens to be Serika's grandfather. Crazy, right?

I guess.

So basically, you just knocked a modern-day princess to the ground!

S-So what?

Hehehe, men in black might be coming to get you tonight.

Shiho narrows her eyes and cackles.

D-Don't scare me like that. It's not funny.

Isn't Kurusugawa pretty, though?

Akari says, diverting the conversation into a less distressing direction.

She's so beautiful. I wish I had pretty hair like hers.

Well, she's one of the richest girls around. You can't compare yourself to her as a normal person.

You're right about that!

But still, and don't tell anyone I told you this…

Shiho looks around and lowers her voice.

She seems like a huge weirdo.

What?

I heard from another junior that she's a weirdo who's into freaky occult stuff.

Occult stuff?

Yeah, like ghosts, black magic, all those kinds of things. I don't know much about it, but you know how there's an Occult Research Club here?

Yeah, I've heard of it.

She's supposedly a member. Maybe super rich girls have super weird hobbies too.

It's a much classier hobby than gossip.

Hey, what's that supposed to mean?

Bye, Yuki.

We're at the door to Class A's homeroom.

See you later.

I'm in Class A, but Akari and Shiho are in Class C.

So, we have to part ways here.

Try and actually learn something, Hiro. If you just sleep through every class, you'll be the only one getting held back.

Meh, you're one of the top ten worst students here. Maybe worry about yourself.

H-How dare you!

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

Shiho, homeroom's starting.

Urgh, you'll pay for that, Hiro!

Shiho heads to Class C with Akari.

Now then…

I see the annoying one off and sigh with relief before entering my classroom.

The teacher hasn't arrived yet, and everyone is talking and laughing.

Our homeroom teacher is pretty laid back and always late.

Not that I have a problem with that.

On the way to my desk…

Hey! Good morning, Hiroyuki!

A cheerful voice stops me.

I turn and see my classmate, Lemmy Miyauchi, smiling at me.

Hey, Lemmy. Good morning.

I smile back at her.

Cheerful and friendly, Lemmy is a half-Japanese American girl from California.

The combination of her shiny blonde hair and uniform make her stand out among the class.

Somehow, Lemmy's presence alone is enough to lend our class a somewhat international feel.

The teacher's not here, but you're still late. You've gotta get to school earlier.

Hey, gimme a break. I had a little accident this morning.

Accident?

Yep, I wasn't looking where I was going and there was a collision.

Collision?! Don't tell me you got run over by a car?!

Nah, no motor vehicles involved. It was a collision with another person.

Oh, you scared me.

Lemmy sighs with relief.

I mean, we didn't bump each other very hard and nobody got hurt, but that's why I'm a little later than I was supposed to be.

Today's not your lucky day, Hiroyuki.

Well, depending on how you think about it, maybe I was lucky. The girl I ran into was a hot junior.

Why does that make you lucky?

Well, it was like a dramatic encounter, y'know?

Meeting someone by bumping into them is dramatic? I see, I guess I can understand why you would say that.

Lemmy nods. Evidently, she agrees with me.

But you gotta be more careful. You didn't get hurt this time, but that's no guarantee for next time.

What, you're worried about me?

Totally! We're classmates!

Lemmy says, flashing me a bright smile before walking off.

Classmates, huh?

I don't know if it's because of her accent, but the way she speaks feels different compared to my other classmates.

It's like it implies a deeper feeling of friendship or something.

At any rate, Lemmy's fluent Japanese never ceases to amaze me.

I heard her mother is Japanese, but Lemmy's Japanese is shockingly good for someone who lived in America her whole life.

Although, I guess she mentioned occasionally visiting Japan as a kid.

While she's friendly with me, Lemmy and I aren't actually that close.

She's sociable enough to speak casually with anyone.

I'm just another classmate to her.

Just as I plop down in my chair…

Hi, Hiroyuki.

I'm greeted by my second childhood friend, Masashi Sato.

Hey.

I reply with a grin.

He has a cute, almost girlish face, a bubbly, kind personality,

and he's the top rookie on the soccer team. With all that going for him, Masashi is beloved by the whole class.

I've known him since before starting kindergarten. He's like a little brother to me.

He, Akari, and I have all always been as close as siblings.

I take the oldest sibling role, Akari is the middle child, and Masashi is the youngest.

Our relationship remains the same to this day, but Masashi has been busy with soccer lately, so we can't spend time together like we used to.

Still, he's one of my closest friends.

Here, thanks again.

Masashi hands me a CD.

It has a familiar cover.

It's a CD I had lent him.

Oh yeah, I forgot I gave this to you. How'd you like it?

It was pretty good. I listened to it like five times.

The second and third tracks were my favorites.

Yeah, same here. That last track is pretty solid too.

Mn, that's a good one.

Oh, that reminds me, Shiho wanted to borrow the other CD you lent me. Do you mind if I pass it on to her?

If she'll pay a hundred yen a day for it, sure.

The gang consists of me and my childhood friends-Akari and Masashi-

with Shiho added to the mix from middle school.

We all decided to take this high school's entrance exam in the autumn of our last year of middle school.

I was lagging behind, and Shiho was even further behind than me, but we studied like crazy and all managed to pass the exam.

Now, we're already closing in on the end of our first year of high school.

Time flies.

*rattle, rattle, rattle*

The door opens, and my homeroom teacher appears.

Alright, everyone, sit down! It's time to take attendance!

Okay, I'll tell Shiho what you said.

Masashi returns to his desk.

Then, homeroom begins.

Phew, a long day of classes is finally over.

Students start to head home, and the classroom is emptying out.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

March 3rd is over.

I need to get up early again tomorrow.

I'd better go to sleep soon.

The second floor hallway is crowded with students leaving to go home.

I think I might run into someone I know, but unfortunately I don't.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I leave school.

I guess I'll head home…

Alright, classes are over for the day.

I'm finally free.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

That night…

By the time I get in bed, the clock says it's 3 am.

I just couldn't pry myself away from some late night TV.

Tomorrow morning is going to be rough.

I leave the classroom and walk down the hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decide to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more options to the school lunch menu." There we go.

*yaaawn*

I inhale the outside air and stretch my arms wide.

Now to head home.

Tuesday, March 4th.

I wake up right on time.

I don't want to sleep in and have Shiho talk down to me again.

That isn't the most pure of motives, but I get up on time all the same.

Alright, now to get ready and…

I'm going to school now!

Nobody else was home to hear it, but I say it anyway.

You got up on your own this morning?

Akari asks as we take the usual path to school.

I was worried about you oversleeping again, so I left home a little early.

Thanks. Unfortunately for you, I woke up by myself this time.

Way to go, Yuki.

Akari grins.

The sunlight's blinding.

There's a warm breeze.

Signs of spring are everywhere.

Maybe that's why Akari seems more cheerful than usual.

By the way, Yuki…

Yeah?

Did you eat breakfast this morning?

Oh crap.

I'm pretty sure I promised her yesterday that I would.

I completely forgot.

Well?

Uhhh…

You didn't, did you?

Err, no.

I give in and tell Akari the truth. She softly smiles.

Oh well.

She unzips her bag.

Hm?

Look!

Akari joyfully shows me a sandwich in plastic wrap.

I had a feeling this would happen, so I made this. Here, eat up.

…

While it bugs me that she saw this coming, it does look like a pretty good sandwich, so I grab it and take a bite.

Is it good?

Yeah, it's great.

I state my honest opinion.

Hehe!

Akari grins with satisfaction.

It really is important to eat breakfast.

I guess.

*munch, munch*

Hehehe.

Akari happily watches me devour the sandwich.

Hey, you mind if I ask you something?

Hm?

If I did eat breakfast this morning, what were you gonna do with this?

Hmmm, I dunno.

So you were positive that I wouldn't eat breakfast?

Yeah, well, you could say that.

…

What's wrong?

Nothing.

I kind of hated that Akari was able to predict my actions with such accuracy.

Alright, I get it. I'll be sure to eat breakfast starting tomorrow.

Really?

Yeah.

…

You think I'm just saying that, don't you?

What?

Don't you?

No, not really.

Be honest.

Maybe a little.

I clicked my tongue.

I'll eat breakfast like my life depends on it.

When I make that declaration…

Okay.

Akari nods and gives me a little smile.

I click my tongue again and stuff my mouth with the sandwich.

We arrive at the school gate five minutes early.

We have some extra time today.

Looks like it. It'd be nice if you always left on time like today.

My apologies.

It's tough having such a difficult child to look after.

Wha?

Ahaha, I'm just kidding around.

Hey!

Ah!

As we're passing through the gate…

Urgh…

Man, it's too early to be teasing me like this, you―

*bump*

Whoa!

I run into someone just like yesterday.

Once again, it was a girl walking in front of me.

I stumble but manage to stay on my feet, whereas the girl falls right to the ground.

S-Sorry about that. Are you alright? Wait, what?

The girl looks up and stares at me. It happens to be the same girl I ran into yesterday.

You…

Kurusugawa, I believe.

She's supposed to be related to the owners of the prestigious Kurusugawa Group.

Sorry, uh, are you hurt?

I ask.

…

She's no more responsive than yesterday. All she does is keep staring.

Haha…

She's as weird as ever.

Here, just take my hand.

I grab her hand myself and pull her to her feet.

…

I look at her legs.

There are no scrapes that I can see.

Looks like you're not hurt.

…

You didn't sprain your ankle or anything?

She shakes her head.

Yeah? That's good. Alright, here.

I pick up her school bag and hold it out to her.

…

She silently takes it.

I don't know what's going through her head as she continues staring at me.

It doesn't look like she's mad, at least.

It seems like she's waiting for me to say something.

Uhhh…

Still unsure of what to say, I smile and start talking.

Weird how we bumped into each other twice, right? Maybe it's destiny!

That was a pretty lame thing to say.

And then…

Destiny?

Kurusugawa repeats the word with a rising intonation.

I'd never heard her voice before.

It's a little cuter than I imagined.

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

Just then, the bell chimes.

Oh crap, I'm gonna be late! I should go. You better hurry too.

I wave goodbye.

I say one last thing as I leave.

Sorry I bumped into you twice.

Then I head to the entrance.

Geez, you need to be more careful.

Maybe. But at times like that, you're―

Just then…

Hello?

An unfamiliar student calls out to me from behind.

Yes?

You dropped this.

She hands me a book with a thick brown cover.

No, this isn't―

I try to tell her it's not mine, but she just gives me the book and leaves.

What book is it?

No idea.

I turn the book over to look at the title. It's written in a muted, stylish gold.

The book's called…

The Black Magic Compendium.

It doesn't take long to guess its owner.

Kurusugawa.

According to Shiho, she's pretty into the occult.

If the book is about black magic, then it has to be hers.

She probably dropped it when I ran into her.

That girl must have seen it happen and thought it was me who dropped the book.

Oh well.

I'll take it to Kurusugawa later.

I know she's a junior, but which class is she in?

*yaaawn*

It's over!

I stretch and yawn loudly.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

March 5th is over.

I need to get as much sleep as possible to be ready for tomorrow.

A good night's sleep should make it easier to wake up.

Goodnight.

I walk down the hallway.

I pass by a few students, but none that I know.

I reach the shoe racks.

In manga, the characters are always putting love letters in these, but I have to wonder if that sort of thing ever happens in reality.

I walk out of school and take the usual path down the hill.

Some students chat as they walk home while others race by on bikes.

What should I do when I get home?

Wednesday, March 5th.

Somehow, it was already morning.

Ugh, I'm still tired.

Yuki, you seem tired.

Uh, yeah.

I let out a loud yawn.

Classes were done for the day.

I finally have free time.

In this instant, I feel completely alive. I'm definitely going to be a night owl in the future.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

It's the night of March 6th.

I get in bed early.

Nothing's more calming than a warm blanket. I can't be the only one who feels that way, right?

It isn't long before I fall into a peaceful sleep.

I walk down the hallway and reach the stairs.

I decide to head home early.

I walk down the hallway and reach the shoe racks.

I walk past a teacher and get called out for slacking off.

I leave school and walk down the hill.

I wonder if anyone I know is walking home.

It didn't look like it.

I head home by myself.

Thursday, March 6th.

Time to start another day.

Nice weather today.

We've had nice weather for a while now.

Friday, March 7th.

I end up waking up early somehow.

Today is the graduation ceremony.

Maybe I'll go say goodbye to the seniors.

You're up early today, Yuki.

It happens sometimes.

I see…

Then, the boring graduation ceremony begins.

I don't feel any particular attachment to the people who happen to attend the same school as me. It's all just a tedious waste of time.

If any of them were nice and dependable like Masashi, that'd be another story.

It's finally over.

With all the standing up and sitting down, I don't even get to nap.

Although I couldn't care less about the graduation, there are girls who are moved to tears.

Well, anyway, it's over with now.

We freshmen get to go home a little early.

The juniors are supposed to be cleaning up the assembly hall.

That's because the freshmen had to set everything up beforehand.

We won't be seeing the seniors again.

Masashi speaks up.

Yeah.

It makes me a little jealous to think they won't have to come to school anymore.

And we'll be graduating ourselves in a couple of years.

You're getting ahead of yourself. That's not even worth thinking about right now.

I can't even imagine where I'll be in two years.

Are you gonna go to college?

It's way too soon to think about that, but Masashi is obsessed with graduation.

I don't even know what I'll be doing tomorrow, personally.

That's so like you.

Masashi smiles.

Anyway, are you free today?

Yeah, the soccer club doesn't have practice.

Oh, perfect. Then how about we go hang out somewhere on our way home?

Sure.

Alright, it's settled.

Should we see if Akari and Shiho want to come with?

Good idea.

Then I'll go ask them.

We all decide to hang out for the first time in a while.

March 7th is over.

That night is one of the rare occasions in which I read a book.

It's no wonder I fall asleep early.

Then, classes were done for the day.

I just love Saturdays.

Particularly because classes end so early.

Every day should be like this.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

That night…

I eat, take a bath to clean myself up, and laze around watching TV in the living room.

It was getting late, so I get in bed and go to sleep.

Goodnight.

Then, March 8th comes and goes…

I wander down the second floor hallway until I come to the room for the cultural enrichment clubs.

That was all, though.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

Bye, Fujita!

See you later.

I wave to a girl in my class and leave school.

I would've gone home with someone if I ran into anyone I knew, but I don't.

It sucks, but I head home by myself.

Saturday, March 8th.

If I can make it through today, I'll finally get a break tomorrow.

Keeping that in mind really gets me motivated.

I'm off!

I see a blonde girl at the school gate.

I thought it was someone with dyed blonde hair, but no… It's Lemmy.

Hey, Lemmy.

Hey there, Hiroyuki! You're early today!

You really stand out, huh, Lemmy?

Well, you don't see a lot of blondes in Japanese school uniforms.

I feel like I'm used to seeing blonde hair in movies and stuff, but it's so pretty in person.

Yeah?

I see it every day, so it feels surprisingly normal to me.

Tomorrow's Sunday.

I can stay up a little later.

Maybe I'll listen to the radio.

A. Do it.

B. Don't do it.

I turn the radio on.

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

The other day, Masashi was going on about some beef bowl with lots of sauce.

It sounded like he was really into it.

And now I want to eat it too.

Then, March 8th comes and goes…

Maybe not.

Sleep is more important.

Good night.

Then, March 8th comes and goes…

I end up staying in bed until the afternoon. After a light meal, I decide to clean the house.

A. Clean the living room.

B. Clean my room.

Alright, let's do this.

First I'll clean up and vacuum, then I'll wipe up with a rag.

*thump, thump, thump*

*thump, thump, thump*

*vooooooom*

*vooooooom*

*fssh, fssh, fssh*

*fssh, fssh, fssh*

*squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak*

*squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak*

Phew…

Cleaning this whole big house by myself is tough.

Alright, I should call for backup.

The best support available is Akari.

I'll give her a call.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*click*

Hello, you've reached the Kamigishi residence.

Oh, hey, it's me.

Yes?

Oh crap.

I thought it was Akari, but it was her mom.

Oh, this is Hiroyuki. Hello. Uh, is Akari there?

Oh, it's you, Yuki? Akari? Sorry, but she went out early this morning.

I see. Never mind, then.

Sorry about that.

*click*

Tch.

She's useless.

Akari's supposed to be around at times like these.

Man, where'd she go?

Oh well. I'll have to manage on my own.

By the time I finish cleaning, the sun is setting.

I'm so tired!

Alright, I should clean my room.

Maybe I'll organize my desk first.

Uh, this goes here…

That goes there…

Where should this go?

Let's put it in the drawer.

*clack*

I opened the door.

…

Wait, it's already crammed with random junk.

I need to do a better job thinking ahead.

I guess I'll start with cleaning out the drawer.

Oh, after pulling everything out, I'm finding a lot of stuff I forgot about.

This drawer's full of memories.

Hey, this brings me back.

Oh, so does this.

Whoa, this thing especially.

Thirty minutes later…

What am I doing?

I haven't cleaned at all.

This is no time for nostalgia.

I need to clean.

I should organize my bookshelf next.

First I'll take all the books out.

*thump, thump*

Oh!

These bring back memories too.

I flip through the pages.

Wow, I remember this.

I was wondering where this was.

Oh, I thought I threw this out. I guess it was hiding back there.

I flip through a book.

…

The next thing I knew, I'd read the whole thing.

Wait…

Ah?!

I look at the clock. Two hours had passed.

I did it again?

I really need to work on my concentration.

Regardless, I need to clean.

Hopefully I can finish up before the sun goes down.

Sunday, March 9th.

Ah, finally a day off.

Just let me sleep…

That night, I finally listen to a CD Masashi lent me, and I accidentally stay up late.

Akari's probably gonna say I look sleepy tomorrow.

After school…

The school comes alive like it had woken up from a slumber.

I pick up my bag as my classmates laugh and joke around me.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

My next door neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Kawakami, are fighting again tonight.

Somehow, just like clockwork, they always wait until late at night to start fighting.

They're the kind of couple who fights a lot because of how close they are, so I'm not worried about them, but I wish they would try not to bother the neighbors with it.

I trudge down the hallway.

I pass by students on their way home.

I would've liked to see someone I knew, but I don't. I reach the stairs.

Later, Fujita.

See you later.

I wave to a boy in my class and leave school.

I head home by myself.

Thinking about how alone I am makes me feel a bit sad.

Aren't any of my friends around?

March 10th…

Morning already?

I should get up before Akari arrives.

Good morning, Yuki.

Hey.

You seem tired.

…Meh.

Hehe, Yuki, you've got some hair sticking up.

What?!

I frantically press my hair to my head.

Where?

In the back.

I touch the back of my head.

You're right. Whoa, it just keeps springing up again.

It makes me feel like a manga character.

If I go to school like this, they'll give me some goofy nickname.

Do you think you can fix it?

Doesn't seem like it. This sucks. A little water's not gonna do it, but I don't have time to wash my whole head.

…

…

We stand there thinking at the door.

Oh, I have an idea.

What's your plan?

Let me come in for a bit.

Akari takes off her shoes and enters the house.

What are you looking for in the kitchen?

Do you have any towels I can wet?

Just use the one hanging there.

Okay.

She soaks the towel with water.

A wet towel's not gonna fix it.

It'll be fine. Now let me use the microwave.

Akari sticks the wet towel in the microwave.

What's microwaving a towel gonna do?

Hehehe, just watch.

Akari sounds confident.

*beep*

…

The microwave finishes.

Yeowch… Here you are.

Akari holds the steamy towel out to me.

It's like the hot towels they give you at restaurants.

I see, and that'll keep the hair down?

Yep.

Akari nods.

I place the towel against my hair right away.

That's a neat trick you've got there. Where'd you learn it?

I saw it on TV the other day.

Huh, good to know. 

After school…

I have the misfortune of being on cleaning duty.

I'm in charge of the area around the shoe racks.

I take out a broom…

…and sweep here and there before deciding I'm done.

Ugh, that sucked.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

It's the night of March 11th.

I do some reading before I go to sleep.

Manga counts as reading, right?

Yeah, it counts.

I walk down the hall as I gaze at the view outside.

The scenery in the distance seems white and hazy.

The view would be better from the roof, but this is still pretty nice.

I aimlessly made my way here.

It would be pointless to take another step.

I climb up and down this hill every day.

I wonder if it's making my legs stronger.

I bet it would feel good to speed down the hill on a skateboard.

After school…

I have the misfortune of being on cleaning duty.

I'm in charge of the area around the shoe racks.

I take out a broom…

…and sweep here and there before deciding I'm done.

Ugh, that sucked.

Tuesday, March 11th.

I'm going to school now!

I inform the empty living room I'm leaving, then head out and lock the door.

So then Shiho went and…

We take the usual path up the hill. Akari goes on about something I don't care about until…

Oh, it's Hoshina.

Akari pauses her story to point someone out.

Hoshina?

I look and see a girl with braided hair and glasses walking next to us.

Oh, her?

That's the annoying girl I met at the library.

Good morning.

Akari greets her.

…

Hoshina just glances over without saying anything as she passes by.

Isn't she in your class?

Yeah, she's the class representative.

But she didn't even say hi to you.

Y-Yeah. We're not that close, to be honest.

Akari says, her lips curling into a wry smile.

Regardless, the day's over.

Now I can go straight home or stop somewhere on the way. It's up to me.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

March 12th is over.

I need to get up early again tomorrow.

I'd better go to sleep soon.

The second floor hallway is crowded with students leaving to go home.

I think I might run into someone I know, but unfortunately I don't.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

There are a few students standing here and there.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decide to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more types of sandwiches to the student store." There we go.

I leave school.

I guess I'll head home…

Wednesday, March 12th.

Time to start another day.

The leaves are looking wet today.

It rained pretty hard last night. Didn't you notice?

Oh, no, not at all.

You must've slept like a log.

Finally!

Today was another exhausting day.

Groups of students are standing around and chatting.

They should just go home if they don't have anything else to do.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

March 13th is over.

I actually study at my desk for once.

I do that sometimes, when I feel like it.

I walk down the hallway.

I pass by a few students, but no one that I know.

I walk down the hallway and reach the shoe racks.

I pass by a teacher and get called out for slacking off.

I head home by myself.

Thinking about how alone I am makes me feel a bit sad.

Aren't any of my friends around?

Thursday, March 13th.

The weather's nice.

Alright, I'll give this day all I've got.

On the way up the hill, Akari lets out a long yawn.

What's with the yawn?

Oh, I was up late studying for a test.

Oh yeah, finals start tomorrow.

They'll be our last tests as freshmen.

Have you been making sure to study?

Sure, here and there.

I awkwardly smile as I answer.

Today was surprisingly easy.

I want tomorrow to be a good day too.

Maybe I'll prep for my classes tomorrow.

Today wasn't too bad.

I hope I can keep this up.

Maybe I'll prep for my classes tomorrow.

Today was a disaster.

What a mess.

Well, no time to get depressed.

Maybe I'll prep for my classes tomorrow.

I trudge down the hallway.

I pass by students on their way home.

I would've liked to see someone I know, but I don't. I reach the stairs.

I reach the shoe racks.

I look for love letters but don't find any.

Oh well.

I head home by myself.

Thinking about how alone I am makes me feel a bit sad.

Aren't any of my friends around?

Friday, March 14th.

Final exams start today.

Half of me is upset about it, but the other half is just glad school ends early.

I stayed up studying until last night, so I'm a little tired.

I hope you do well on the test.

Well, I studied as much as I could. Now I just have to pray that the questions I went over last night are actually on the exam.

Good luck.

You too.

Saturday, March 15th.

It's the second day of finals.

All I can do is try my best not to fail.

I've heard that nobody's capable of focusing for more than thirty minutes at a time, so when you study, it's more efficient to take breaks every thirty minutes.

Interesting.

That's what they said on the radio last night.

English grammar and Chemistry exams are in two days.

Lemmy's native language is English, so she'll probably breeze through grammar.

She's as grammarous as she is glamorous…

Man, that was a painfully bad pun.

Oh well. I'll just do my best.

I head to my desk.

It feels a little lonely.

Maybe I'll listen to the radio.

A. Do it.

B. Don't do it.

I turn the radio on.

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

That Strawberry Milk radio personality just now…

They almost sound like Shiho.

I can't believe there are two of such idiots in the world.

Oh well. Back to my studies.

March 15th comes and goes.

Maybe not. It would disturb me from my studies.

I'm quite a force to be reckoned with when I'm focused.

…Or so Akari and Masashi say.

And thus, March 15th comes and goes.

Ugh, what time is it?

Noon?

I'm starving. I should go get something to eat.

What to eat today?

I look around.

Oh, Hiroyuki.

Hey.

I run into Masashi.

Are you going out?

Oh, I'm just getting something to eat. What about you?

I borrowed a friend's notebook for the next exam, and I was making copies of the pages.

For what? Chemistry?

Yeah.

You're so damn well-prepared, you know that?

Anyway, I was on my way to return the notebook.

Let me make copies of it too first.

Sure.

Hell yeah!

What an unexpected blessing.

Good thing I ran into Masashi.

Now I'll be all set for tomorrow's exam. I hope.

Sunday, March 16th.

It may only be Sunday, but with exams going on, I wasn't too happy about it.

I'll sleep until noon so I can wake up and study feeling refreshed.

Tomorrow is the third day of exams.

I decide to focus on reviewing Chemistry.

Monday, March 17th.

It's the third day of finals.

Man, I really don't want to fail!

Do you feel good about the English grammar exam, Yuki?

Meh, I'm just gonna wing it.

I'm not sure if that'll work out.

Well, what about you?

Oh, I think I'll do okay.

For real?

N-Now here's a preposition question!

She suddenly springs a question on me.

Identity the preposition in this sentence: 'I was surprised by the news.'

What?

I'm pretty sure that question was on the practice test I did on Saturday.

The answer is…

'By,' right?

Wow! That's right, Yuki.

I'd be in big trouble if I'd already forgotten that.

Tomorrow is the English and Social Studies exams.

I have no idea why English grammar has its own separate exam from the English one.

But there's no use complaining about it.

I just have to study for tomorrow.

I walk down the hallway and reach the stairs.

I decide to head home early.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decide to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more options to the school lunch menu." There we go.

I leave school and walk down the hill.

I wonder if anyone I know is walking home.

It doesn't look like it.

I head home by myself.

Tuesday, March 18th.

It's the fourth day of finals.

I've got to keep at it and give it my all today too.

Another English exam, huh?

There's also Social Studies, but that class is all about memorization. Today is going to suck.

I know, right.

Tomorrow is finally the last day of exams.

All that remains is the Japanese exam.

I decide to memorize some kanji.

I walk down the hallway.

I pass by a few students, but no one that I know.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I walk out of school and take the usual path down the hill.

Some students chat as they walk home while others race by on bikes.

I guess I'll go home and study today.

Wednesday, March 19th.

At long last, the last day of finals has arrived

Alright, this is the end.

I'll give it all I've got!

After today's Japanese exam, we'll finally be done.

Yeah, let's do our best.

Okay.

Do you want to go hang out somewhere with Shiho after this?

Yeah, sounds good!

Man, today was fun.

Tests are over and tomorrow's a holiday.

I'm gonna sleep well tonight.

Still, it's a day off. I should use it better.

Maybe I'll hit the town.

And I'll get something to eat while I'm out.

I decide to eat at a new rice bowl place I was hearing a lot about.

The restaurant's small, just one long bar. I walk in and sit down.

There are quite a few customers.

Hello! What can I get for you?

A pleasant man greets me.

One pork katsu over rice, please.

You got it!

I waited five minutes.

Here ya go!

Steam rises up from the food he set in front of me.

The pork katsu at this place is a bit atypical. The rice and the toppings come separately.

There's a little bowl with a perfectly cooked runny egg.

Under that is a big piece of pork katsu.

I set it on the rice, then take a bite.

*munch*

*munch, munch*

Delicious!

The pork is incredibly tender and well-seasoned throughout with the flavor of dashi broth.

It pairs perfectly with the rice.

How'd you get it like this, Mister?

I can't help but ask the man.

He's happy to tell me.

Apparently he uses tomato juice as a secret ingredient in the broth, and the rice is a blend of Sasanishiki and Omi rice.

The pork is pounded to make it tender, then breaded with bread crumbs made mostly from crust, and left to sit overnight.

I see. That explains why this tastes so good.

The cook's effort and ingenuity paid off.

I have no doubt that this place will start seeing some long lines.

It had been so long since I ate such great food that my spirits are high for the rest of the day.

March 20th.

Today is the Spring Equinox.

I'm in the mood to sleep all day.

March 20th is over.

It was my first relaxing day in a while.

I need to get up early again tomorrow. Maybe I should go to sleep soon.

Alright!

Another day over with.

Now I can do what I want.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

I stay up too late.

I know it'll hurt tomorrow, but I can't help but watch late night TV.

I accept whatever pain the next morning would bring.

I trudge down the hallway.

I pass by students on their way home.

I would've liked to see someone I knew, but I don't. I reach the stairs.

Bye, Fujita!

See you later.

I wave to a girl in my class and leave school.

*yaaawn*

I inhale the outside air and stretch my arms wide.

Now to head home.

Friday, March 21st.

I don't know if it's because I finally got some time to relax yesterday, but I'm feeling fantastic today.

We're supposed to get our tests back today.

Ugh, don't remind me.

We're chatting and walking when someone runs up to us from behind.

Looks like I made it just in time!

Shiho's out of breath.

Good morning, Shiho.

Good morning!

It's fine if you wanna say hi, but can you not use us to judge how late you are?

Classes are done for the day.

At least Saturdays are short.

I'm hungry. Maybe I'll go straight home.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

By the time I get in bed, the clock says it's 3 am.

I just couldn't pry myself away from some late night TV.

Tomorrow morning is going to be miserable.

I wander down the second floor hallway until I come to the room for the cultural enrichment clubs.

That's all, though.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I walk out of school and take the usual path down the hill.

Some students chat as they walk home while others race by on bikes.

What should I do when I get home?

Saturday, March 22nd.

I'm still tired.

I don't want to go to school.

But today is a half day, and that makes me feel a little more motivated.

I'm gonna do my best to make it a good day.

You always seem happy on Saturday.

Do I?

Yep.

Tomorrow's Sunday.

Akari won't show up even if I oversleep.

I should stay up the whole night.

Oh, right. It's my usual radio-listening time.

Should I?

A. Do it.

B. Don't do it.

I'll listen to the radio.

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

Wow, everyone has their own set of problems, huh?

Sometimes it's damned if you do, damned if you don't.

Well, this world is full of contradictions, so it can't be helped.

That is the conclusion I draw.

Never mind the radio.

I'll just watch TV today.

I've got a backlog of videos to clear as well.

Sunday, March 23rd.

I wake up at noon.

I just know I need to eat.

I don't know what to do with the rest of the day.

There's no point in staying home, so I decide to wander around town.

Maybe I can find something to do.

I come to the station and think about where to go from there.

A. Go to the arcade.

B. Go to the shopping arcade.

C. Go to the barber.

It's the night of March 23rd.

I get in bed early.

Nothing's more soothing than warm blankets. I can't be the only one who feels that way, right?

It's not long before I fall into a peaceful sleep.

It's time for the school's closing ceremony.

The ceremony itself is boring, but knowing this is the end of the school year helps make it less painful.

All it really means is that we're moving on to the next school year and changing classes, so it's not anything to get sentimental about. It just means a year had passed.

After the closing ceremony, I feel like going up to the roof by myself.

The sunlight's warm and the wind is cool.

As a final farewell to this year, I gaze out at the town in the distance.

Well, this is my last day as a freshman.

That means I've been at this school for a whole year.

Time flies.

People have long said that life is short.

Soon I'll be a junior, then a senior, and then I'll graduate.

If I'm not careful, time will pass me by in an instant.

There are only two years left.

I should try to make my time in school meaningful somehow.

Honestly, it wouldn't be an overstatement to say I wasted the last year.

It was a sadly boring way to spend my adolescence.

As I'm thinking these thoughts…

Well, would you look at that? I knew he'd be here.

The tranquil moment is stolen away by Miss Noisy, aka Shiho Nagaoka.

Why are you looking at me like that? You act like I stole a tranquil moment away from you.

Good guess.

Your bag was in the classroom and you weren't, so we figured you were still around somewhere and went searching.

But how'd you know I was here specifically?

Shiho figured that out. She was like, 'Hm, I sense him on the roof!'

And she was right?

Hehehe. I call it my Shiho Radar.

How dumb.

What'd you just say to me?!

What even is Shiho Radar? Did you pick up my scent or something?

Y-You're not very likable, you know that?

Come now, you two. Go on, Shiho.

Oh, right.

Shiho looks like she just remembered something.

We were gonna celebrate the end of the school year by hanging out around the station.

She says.

Man, that's all you ever do.

Hmph. You were planning to do the same thing, weren't you?

Sure.

The last day of freshman year only happens once.

I don't want to waste it by going straight home.

Whatever. Let's invite Masashi to and hit the town!

Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!

So, Akari, Shiho, Masashi, and I go out together.

Monday, March 24th.

It's finally time for the school's closing ceremony.

Knowing I won't have to go to school again for a while gives me a natural high.

I'm sure you're happy today, Yuki.

Why?

Because spring break starts tomorrow.

You know me well.

Monday, March 24th.

It's finally time for the school's closing ceremony.

Tomorrow is the start of spring break.

But unfortunately for me, I have to take supplementary classes.

I'm sure you're happy today, Yuki.

Why?

Because spring break starts tomorrow.

You know me well, but you're not quite right.

Why?

I have to take supplementary classes.

Oh, right. Sorry.

Don't worry about it. I only have myself to blame.

Aah, another fun day.

But I had to spend a lot, and now I'm short on living expenses for the month.

That's not good.

Spring break starts tomorrow, but now I have to worry about how I'll get by.

I might as well try begging my parents for more cash.

It's March 25th.

That means it's the start of spring break.

I can sleep in, and nobody's going to come wake me up.

Aah, what a wonderful thing.

Ironically, however, I wake up at exactly the usual time.

March 25th.

It's the first day of spring break.

Unfortunately, however, I have to go to school for supplementary classes.

It's a depressing start to the break.

But if not for this, I would probably just laze around all day.

Actually, I feel like just lazing around would be more worthwhile.

This is just depressing.

It's the night of March 29th.

I am reading manga in my room.

I glance at the clock and see that it is 11 pm.

Oh! It's time for Heart to Heart.

A. Turn the radio on.

B. Don't turn the radio on.

I turn the radio on.

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

Oden soup spaghetti, huh…

That reminds me, I'm starting to get hungry.

Maybe I can make a midnight snack later.

Never mind.

I'll keep reading my manga.

I'm at the most exciting part right now.

It's the night of April 5th.

I fall asleep after eating and wake up at 11 pm.

That means it's time for…

Another session of Heart to Heart.

A. Turn the radio on.

B. Don't turn the radio on.

I turn the radio on.

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

This composer is a perfectionist.

Kind of like a potter who breaks any work that doesn't meet up to his standards.

I hear that a lot of people with blood type A are perfectionists. Maybe this fellow has blood type A.

Uh-oh.

I'm sleepy.

That's enough for today.

I should just turn the lights off and go to sleep.

Goodnight.

Zzz…

Tuesday, April 8th.

Today marks the start of a new school year.

I wake up in the morning right on time.

Maybe I mentally prepared myself for a new school year without even realizing it.

I'm going to school, bye.

I mutter to myself and leave the house.

It's been a while since I've worn my school uniform.

For some reason, wearing it puts me in a nostalgic mood.

Back to school starting today, huh.

…Yeah.

I nod, squinting against the bright sunlight.

Akari's hair flutters in the breeze, which has gotten even warmer lately.

It feels kind of refreshing to see Akari in her school uniform again after so long.

I hear the roar of an airplane in the endless blue sky.

Students are climbing the hill.

Sure enough, everyone seems excited for the new year.

This is the perfect weather for the start of the new year.

Akari said, smiling.

Maybe I'm just imagining things, but she seems to be standing up straighter than usual, and the soft curve of her chest seems more emphasized.

…

Is something wrong?

Nah.

I look up at the sky and scratch my head.

Wow, look. The cherry blossoms are blooming.

Yeah.

The school's cherry blossoms are in full bloom.

The petals flutter in the wind.

Akari holds her bag against her chest and skips through the school gate.

I leisurely walk after her.

Wow…

Akari looks up at the cherry blossoms, admiring them from below.

Aren't they pretty?

Past the pink flowers is the clear blue sky.

The pink petals dance in the dazzling sunlight.

Cherry blossoms are pretty nice in the morning. I wish we could just hang out here and look at them.

I block the sunlight with my hand.

Wasn't the sky like this when we first started at this school?

Yeah, I just remembered that.

Hard to believe it's already been a year since then.

Time flies.

Then, Akari says something so quietly that I almost don't hear.

I hope we get to be in the same class.

She whispers.

I keep looking up at the cherry blossoms.

That'd be nice.

I answer.

Akari turns to me with a bright smile.

Yeah!

She nods enthusiastically.

At the front door, a student council member is handing out papers with our new class assignments.

I'll go grab some.

Akari goes and gets a sheet of paper for me and one for her.

Here you go, Yuki.

She somewhat nervously hands me a sheet.

Thanks.

I take it and look it over.

Akari looks hers over as well.

Let's see here…

Will I be lucky enough to be in the same class as my friends?

My heart raced.

My eyes scan over the words on the page.

2-A, 2-A, 2-A, 2-A…

My name isn't there.

Next, 2-B.

2-B, 2-B, 2-B, 2-B…

Oh!

There it is!

I find my name.

It seems like Akari found her name at the same time.

We both speak up in unison.

2-B!

2-B!

2-B!

2-B!

2-B!

2-B!

We speak in perfect synchronicity.

Yuki, you're in 2-B?!

Yeah, you too?

Yep!

2-B.

Akari and I were both in 2-B.

Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay! We're in the same class!

You're that happy about it?

Yeah, I sure am!

Akari's happy enough for both of us.

Cool, so we're both in 2-B. Oh, looks like Masashi is too.

Really?!

Huh, what luck. I don't think we've all been in the same class since elementary school.

That's right.

So, what class is Shiho in?

Um, looks like 2-A.

The next class over, then.

Yep.

Aaah, thank God.

What?

If I had to be in her class, I don't know what I'd do.

After that strange series of coincidences, I was worried, but it looks like the worst case scenario has been avoided.

If there's anything I'd pray to God for, it's to not be in the same class as Shiho.

It'd stress me out to have to listen to her rambling all day long.

Seeing her occasionally and messing with her is just fine with me.

But you look a little disappointed, Yuki.

About what?

You secretly wish you and Shiho were in the same class, huh?

Akari giggled.

Hell no.

Haha.

We enter Class 2-B.

This will be my classroom for the next year.

Nice to meet you, classroom.

I greet the new classroom in my head.

A girl passes by me.

Oh, that's…

It's the girl I met at the library.

I think her name is…

It's Hoshina.

That's right. I'm pretty sure it's Hoshina.

Oh, we're in the same class again.

Oh yeah, weren't you in her class last year?

Yep.

Guess I'm gonna be her classmate too now.

Good morning, guys.

Masashi's in the classroom before us. He notices us and walks over.

Hey. Let's make this year another good one.

Good morning, Sashi.

Looks like we're in the same class, Akari.

I'm so excited for the new year!

Same here.

Oh, how nice that you all get to be in the same class.

Shiho shows up looking upset.

Oh, good morning.

Hey, outsider.

Who are you calling an outsider?! From my perspective, you're the outsiders!

Hahaha. That's some pretty weak reasoning you've got there.

Screw you.

Blame yourself. You're being punished for your sins.

That's ridiculous!

Well, we may not be in the same class, but we're right next to each other.

Yeah, there's just a thin wall between us. You're making a big deal out of nothing.

I think that wall makes a big difference.

Grrr!

Alright, everyone, sit down.

The homeroom teacher enters the room.

What?! The bell hasn't even rung yet! Also, you get Kibayashi?!

Shiho nearly trips as she frantically returns to her own classroom.

Everyone else also rushes to find empty chairs and sit.

I'm Kibayashi, your homeroom teacher for the next year. Nice to meet you.

Mr. Kibayashi is a man in his mid-thirties with glasses and hair parted to one side.

He was our physics teacher last year.

He's strict, but he's a good, hard-working teacher.

I think you know this, but I'm the physics teacher, so we'll see each other in that class too. The opening ceremony starts soon, so head to the auditorium and line up as your name is called.

The students noisily stand up from their seats, head into the hallway, and make their way to the auditorium.

There we have the opening ceremony.

It finishes in no time and school comes to an end for the day.

Opening ceremonies are annoying, but at least we can just leave when they're done.

I figure I might as well ask if everyone wants to hang out like usual.

I start with Masashi.

Hey, Masashi.

What's up, Hiroyuki?

Do you want to go somewhere right now?

Masashi looks guilty.

Sorry, but I have to go to a club orientation later.

He explains.

Oh, yeah? I guess you have to do those things when you're in an after school club.

The entrance ceremony for the new students was happening later in the auditorium.

It would be followed by an orientation in the school yard.

Orientation was when all the after school clubs competed to draw new members.

All the sports and culture clubs set up stands in the school yard, making it feel just like a school festival.

Masashi's going to help the soccer team recruit new members.

Maybe he's going to show off his soccer ball juggling or something.

Sorry about that. I'll make up for it some other time.

It is what it is.

After I say that…

Hey there, Hiro!

Shiho loudly approaches.

Don't shout my name so loud. It's embarrassing.

Hey, the fact that I'm energetic is a good thing<rep rep_heart>

Having energy is one thing. Being annoying is another.

That distinction doesn't matter. Anyway, we got off early today. How about we hang out?

I was just thinking the same thing.

Great! You and Masashi can both come along.

Sorry, Shiho. I'm busy with something.

He's recruiting for the soccer team.

Oh, huh. Well, good luck with that.

Sorry. Well, I should get going.

Masashi waves goodbye and leaves the classroom.

Now there's just… Oh, found her. Hey, Akari!

Shiho beckons Akari over just as she returns to the classroom.

What's going on?

We're gonna go hang out somewhere.

Oh, right now?

Yep. You're free, right?

I am, yeah.

Then it's settled! Let's have some fun.

Shiho is already all hyped up.

Don't start the school year off by going too wild.

Don't be a killjoy.

And so, we hit the town again.

Look, Akari! That dress is super cute!

Ooh, you're right!.

What about that one?

Yeah, that's another good one!

Hanging out with two girls might make me look lucky, but it's actually surprisingly boring.

We wander around the station before walking into the karaoke place above the arcade.

This is where Shiho shines.

When she gets a microphone in her hand, she never lets go.

She has a huge repertoire of songs, so she can go on singing forever.

Shiho, you're such a good singer.

But why do I have to pay so much money just to watch her have a recital?

I scowl and sip my cola.

Akari shrugs and awkwardly smiles.

I just can't beat Shiho.

No matter how much she sings, she's never too far off tune.

Maybe all the shouting she does all day trains her vocal cords.

I'm just hopeless.

My throat gets all dry right away.

It's even dry right now.

I should gargle and see if that helps.

*gargle-gargle-gargle-gargle-gargle*

*ptoo*

*gargle-gargle-gargle-gargle-gargle*

*ptoo*

*gargle-gargle-gargle-gargle-gargle*

After school…

Some students hurry home while others stick around to chat and gossip.

I pick up my bag and rise from my chair.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

I get used to my new class in no time.

I'm a pretty adaptable guy.

But getting too comfortable will make me so relaxed that I'll fall asleep in class.

I decide to go to sleep early to avoid that.

April 9th comes to an end.

I walk down the hall as I gaze at the view outside.

The scenery in the distance seems white and hazy.

The view would be better from the roof, but this is still pretty nice.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I head home by myself.

Thinking about how alone I am makes me feel a bit sad.

Aren't any of my friends around?

It's the morning of April 9th.

The weather's nice again today.

And better weather makes it easier to wake up, thankfully.

You managed to get up on your own this morning!

I don't know if that's a compliment or an insult.

I-It's a compliment.

She says, flustered as she insists she's speaking highly of me.

You look like you're in a good mood.

Akari's been smiling even more than usual.

I'm just thinking about how we'll be walking all the way to our classroom together, starting today.

It's not that much of a change.

No, it's a big difference.

I guess.

After school…

I have the misfortune of being on cleaning duty.

I'm supposed to clean up the bridge corridor that connects two of the school buildings.

I take out a broom…

…and sweep here and there before deciding I'm done.

Then I go back to the classroom.

Ugh, that sucked.

It's the night of April 10th.

I'm hungry before bed, so I make some instant ramen.

Instant ramen's so good late at night.

*slurp*

The second floor hallway is crowded with students leaving to go home.

I think I might run into someone I know, but unfortunately I don't.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

I leave school.

I guess I'll head home…

Thursday, April 10th.

I wake up feeling good.

I'm even in the mood for a jog.

But there's no time.

It's so nice and warm today!

Yeah, it's spring.

Doesn't it feel nice?

Yeah, it's spring.

Is that all you can say?

Yeah, it's spring.

It's finally over.

Maybe I'll just go straight home.

That night…

I'm standing in the bathroom,

brushing my teeth when…

*snap*

Whoa, what?!

A blackout?

Oh?

The ceiling light is still on though.

I guess it was just the light above the sink that went out.

I'll buy a new one tomorrow.

After that, I rinse my mouth in the kitchen.

I leave the classroom and walk down the hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

I don't see anyone I know.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decide to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more options to the school lunch menu." There we go.

*yaaawn*

I inhale the outside air and stretch my arms wide.

Now to head home.

Friday, April 11th.

When I open the curtains, bright light floods the room.

It's a new morning.

I stretch my arms.

Alright!

Let's make this day a good one.

So all the girls in class say you're a little intimidating, and they don't want to talk to you.

We're walking down the road under the morning sun.

I'm intimidating?

Yeah, isn't that weird? But they say Sashi seems nice and easy to talk to. It's so silly. You're just as nice.

Akari smiles.

But I think they're right about that. I don't know if I'm intimidating, but I wouldn't say I'm nice.

But you are nice.

When we get to the school gate…

My eyes are drawn to a huge black limousine parked nearby.

It's a Royce-Rolls.

The automatic door opens and a long-haired girl gracefully emerges from the car.

Oh, it's Kurusugawa.

Akari remarks.

Of course. Really reminds you that rich people aren't like us.

True.

The limo drives away.

Kurusugawa just stands there and blankly watches it go.

The bell's going to ring soon, but she's as laid-back as ever.

I approach her.

Hey there, Kurusugawa!

…

She turns to me.

As usual, her expression's unreadable. I can't even begin to guess what she's thinking.

It was almost as if she's in some sort of zen state.

Good morning.

Akari greets her too.

And then…

…

She gives a slight bow as if to say good morning.

Well, you should hurry or you'll be late, Kurusugawa.

I inform her.

…

She pauses for a moment.

Then, she nods.

Yuki, are you friends with her?

Akari asks as she's changing shoes.

Sort of.

Huh, really? I had no idea.

You don't know everything about me.

Hehe, you're so mysterious.

…

I feel like I'm being made fun of.

After school…

It's, but I have the misfortune of being on cleaning duty today.

Not only that, but I have to clean the entire first floor hallway.

I grab a mop and get to work.

I clean every inch of the floor.

There, all done!

I return to the classroom.

Ugh, I'm starving.

That night…

I eat, take a bath to clean myself up, and laze around watching TV in the living room.

It's getting late, so I get in bed and go to sleep.

Goodnight.

Then, April 12th passes by.

I walk down the hallway and reach the stairs.

I decide to head home early.

I walk down the hallway and reach the shoe racks.

I pass by a teacher and get called out for slacking off.

I leave school and walk down the hill.

I wonder if anyone I know is walking home.

It didn't look like it.

I head home by myself.

Saturday, April 12th.

It's morning already?

I should've slept well, but it doesn't feel like I slept at all.

Maybe I have a vitamin deficiency.

Yuki, you look tired.

I am tired.

No napping during class.

Yeah, yeah.

I am watching TV.

It is some variety show.

Wahaha.

It is pretty funny.

Oh! It's 11.

Saturday night at 11 means…

It's time for Mineko Karashima's Heart to Heart.

A. Go back to your room to listen to the radio.

B. Keep watching TV.

Radio, on!

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

A girl with supernatural abilities?

Now, where have I heard that before?

Is that the trend these days?

Could it be the girl I'm thinking of?

But she wouldn't call herself something like "Catster"…

Whatever.

I'll just keep watching TV.

They always play interesting stuff on Saturday nights.

I wake up around noon.

There isn't a cloud in the sky.

I go downstairs, make some breakfast (lunch?) from whatever is in the fridge, and eat.

But now, I have a problem.

I don't have anything to do.

That being the case, I feel like doing something I wouldn't do normally.

Alright!

I yank the futon blanket off my bed and throw it out the window to air it out.

I go downstairs to grab a futon beater, then climb up to the roof myself.

I spread out the blanket on the roof and beat it.

I can't remember how many years it's been since I did this myself.

*bam, bam, bam*

After some thorough beating, sweat drips from my brow.

Now if I air the futon blanket out for the rest of the day, it'll smell nice and fresh by night.

In the meantime, I watch some videos I'd been meaning to check out.

I end up watching TV all afternoon.

Sunday, April 13th.

Ugh, I'm tired.

Oh yeah, it's Sunday.

I'll sleep in a little longer.

That night…

I'm watching TV in the living room when I see the most incredible scene.

It's a colorless business district.

I can feel how hollow and artificial it all is.

Then, countless women elegantly descend from the sky.

They land as softly as feathers and each enters one of the cold buildings.

The instant they pass through the automatic doors, their outfits magically transform into business attire, and they begin to perform office duties as if they've been working there for a while.

Color floods the offices.

People smile.

At the end, the words "Kurusugawa HM Series" appear on screen.

It's a commercial for Robomaids.

It's a highly competitive industry, and manufacturers are constantly fighting for a bigger market share, so they have to spend big money on their image and branding.

How much did it cost to produce that commercial alone?

I can't even imagine.

I wonder if Multi will be in a commercial like this one day.

Hahaha, if she came down from the sky, I'd be worried about her landing safely.

Another day's hard work over with, I guess.

Now it's time to have some fun.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

Whew, nice bath.

I dry my hair off with a towel.

I decide to watch TV until my hair finishes drying.

This calls for a can of beer!

That'd be awesome, probably.

But I'm still too young to drink.

I trudge down the hallway.

I pass by students on their way home.

Later, Fujita.

See you later.

I wave to a boy in my class and leave school.

I would've gone home with someone if I ran into anyone I knew, but I didn't.

It sucks, but I head home by myself.

Monday, April 14th.

The weather's still good.

And I'm feeling good too.

Oh…

At the school gate, Akari suddenly yelps and sticks out her tongue.

What are you doing?

A cherry blossom petal got in my mouth<rep rep_sweat>

She plucks out a pale pink petal and shows it to me.

Just swallow it.

I could never.

School's over and students are clearing out of the classroom.

I decide to get going too.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

It's the night of April 15th.

*rattle, rattle*

I open a window to get some fresh air.

*whoooooooosh*

Then, I hear a loud sound.

I look outside and see a red light in the night sky.

It's moving slowly.

At that elevation, it has to be a plane.

Maybe it's out for some late night flight practice.

It would've been neat if it was actually a UFO though.

No, that's dumb. Who am I? Shiho?

I watch until the light was out of sight.

I can make out faint gray lines in the moonlight.

Vapor trails look pretty cool at night.

I walk down the hall as I gaze at the view outside.

The scenery in the distance seems white and hazy.

The view would be better from the roof, but this is still pretty nice.

I reach the shoe racks.

I look for love letters but don't find any.

Oh well.

I climb up and down this hill every day.

I wonder if it's making my legs stronger.

I bet it would feel good to speed down the hill on a skateboard.

Tuesday, April 15th.

I oversleep a little.

Because of that, Akari has been making a racket since she got here.

*ding-dong, ding-dong*

I know!

I jump out of bed.

I run from my house to the park.

Hey, hurry up!

*huff* *huff* Yuki, please try to get up on time.

Sorry, I'm not oversleeping because I want to.

Can you run a little slower?

Man, you know you don't have to wait for me. Just ditch me next time.

B-But…

Oh, it's that girl…

It's the psychic beauty I'd heard about.

*huff* *huff* Looks like we made it in time, Yuki.

She leaves.

What are you looking at?

Oh, nothing.

After school…

I have the misfortune of being on cleaning duty.

I'm supposed to clean up the classroom.

Hey, outta the way!

You don't need to be here. Get out already!

I said move it!

I shoo the chatting students away as I sweep.

Alright, all done.

What a pain in the ass.

Maybe I'll go straight home.

As I'm about to get in bed that night…

Oh…

Everything rumbles and shakes.

Oooh…

That was a pretty big earthquake.

Maybe I'll check the news.

I turn the TV on.

Not even a minute later…

*beep, beep*

A news ticker scrolls across the screen.

"The magnitude in each region is as follows…"

Everything shook pretty badly.

Gotta be careful since there have been a lot of earthquakes lately.

But I probably wouldn't make it out of that in one piece either.

I look at the clock.

Ack, it's already two.

Even the bad kids are asleep by now.

I walk down the hallway and reach the stairs.

I decide to head home early.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decide to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more options to the school lunch menu." There we go.

I walk out of school and take the usual path down the hill.

Some students chat as they walk home while others race by on bikes.

What should I do when I get home?

Wednesday, April 16th.

Whoa.

As soon as I open the curtains, bright morning light floods the room.

It's brutal on my freshly opened eyes.

But it does wake me right up.

I was worried you might oversleep and we'd be late.

Even if I did, I'd be able to make it to school on time if I was alone.

That's mean…

It had been chilly for a while, but now it's getting pretty warm, if not hot.

I guess that makes this the height of spring.

I was in the classroom after school.

I took my bag and rose from my chair.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

My bed is calling me.

I hope I have good dreams tonight.

Goodnight.

April 17th comes to an end.

The second floor hallway is crowded with students leaving to go home.

I think I might run into someone I know, but unfortunately I don't.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I leave school.

I guess I'll head home…

Thursday, April 17th.

It's morning already?

The earthquake last night cost me ten minutes of precious sleep.

Hey, did you know there was an earthquake last night?

Yeah, my mom told me when I woke up.

What? You didn't feel it?

Nope, I was fast asleep.

It happened right before I went to sleep. I wasted ten minutes I could've spent asleep watching the news about it.

Ten minutes is a lot for you.

Seriously.

Classes are finally done for the day.

Ugh, that was exhausting.

But now that it's all over, I'm no longer tired at all. It's weird.

Time to enjoy the rest of the day.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

The week's exhaustion really builds up by the time Friday rolls around.

I don't even do anything, but I'm still wiped by the end of the week.

I feel bad for people like Masashi who have to get up for morning practice.

Those thoughts continue as I fall asleep.

I left the classroom and walked down the hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decided to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more options to the school lunch menu." There we go.

*yaaawn*

I inhale the outside air and stretch my arms wide.

Now to head home.

Friday, April 18th.

I wake up right as my alarm goes off.

It's an especially pleasant morning.

Oh, you got some toothpaste on you.

Akari spots some toothpaste on my school uniform and wipes it off with her handkerchief.

Thanks.

You need to check yourself in the mirror.

Yeah, got it.

She's always trying to help even when I don't ask her for it.

School was over for that Saturday.

It feels like everyone is in an extra good mood.

I understand why.

It feels great knowing there's no school tomorrow.

I pick up my bag and rise from my chair.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

It's the night of April 19th.

I get in bed early.

Nothing's more soothing than warm blankets. I can't be the only one who feels that way, right?

It's not long before I fall into a pleasant sleep.

I walk down the hallway.

I pass by a few students, but no one that I know.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

There are a few students standing here and there.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decide to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more types of sandwiches to the student store." There we go.

I walk out of school and take the usual path down the hill.

Some students chat as they walk home while others race by on bikes.

What should I do when I get home?

*beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep*

I turn off the alarm clock.

*yaaawn* Is it morning already?

I let out a loud yawn and stretch my arms and legs under the covers.

Saturday, April 19th.

Time to start another day.

I'm heading out!

Even the cherry blossom trees have noticeably green leaves now.

The fallen petals form a pink carpet on the path to the school gate.

It's sad when the cherry blossoms start falling off.

Akari mumbles. Just then…

Good morning!

Good morning!

Good morning!

We hear an oddly cheerful girl on the other side of the school gate.

Hm?

Akari and I exchange a puzzled look and approach the gate.

As we pass through it…

Good morning!

Multi greets us with a radiant smile.

She's holding a bamboo broom.

She seems to be sweeping up around the entrance and is greeting every student who enters.

Good morning!

Most students don't even look at her, but I stop and smile back.

Hey, Multi, how's it going?

Oh, Hiroyuki, good morning! I'm fine, thank you.

So, you're cleaning first thing in the morning?

Yes.

Multi grins.

Today is my last day with all of you, so I wanted to clean up at the door and greet everyone.

Oh, so today is goodbye? I'll miss you.

I had a lot of fun this week.

Wasn't that robot just the nicest girl?

Yeah.

Robots have been getting more and more human lately. If it weren't for those big ears, I'd never know she isn't human.

Is it even necessary to differentiate between robots and humans anyway?

What?

Never mind, it's nothing.

So today I have to say goodbye to Multi…

Well then, Saturday night at 11 means…

That's right, it's time to do some squats.

One, two…

No, wait.

It's time for Mineko Karashima's Heart to Heart!

A. Listen to the radio.

B. Do some actual squats.

I'm gonna listen to the radio.

I press the button.

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

Oho…

The cultural gap between West Japan and East Japan, huh?

I would've made the same mistake as Foxy if I hadn't been listening to the show.

This radio show is so educational!

I should ask Class Rep about how truthful this story is when I see her.

Nah, I might as well do some actual squats today.

One, two…

One, two…

One, two…

One, two…

One, two…

Sunday, April 20th.

I wake up at noon, of course.

I crawl out of bed.

Then, I eat and relax until…

*riiiiiiiiiing*

The phone rings.

Who could that be?

I go to the front hall and pick up the phone.

Hello, this is Fujita.

Hi! It's me<rep rep_heart>

I suddenly hear an obnoxious voice.

I only know one person this annoying.

What? Who?

I play dumb for the fun of it.

What do you mean, who? It's me!

It's polite to say your name when you call, you know.

Who are you trying to reach?

I stubbornly pretend not to know who's on the other end of the line.

Are you half-asleep or something? You should be grateful to have such a cute girl calling you.

Ugh, what do you want anyway?

I get bored and move on.

I see, so you do know who I am. How long were you going to play dumb for?

You're the one who refused to say your name when you called! That's bad manners.

We know each other pretty well. Why should we have to state our names each time we talk? We're not Sengoku generals.

Whatever, so what do you want?

I hold the phone a little farther from my ear.

Oh yeah, so I'm guessing you have time on your hands, right? Come over to my place.

What? Are you kidding? Your house is two stations away.

So what? It's 190 yen for a one-way trip.

The money's not the problem. Why should I have to come to you?

Why not? Do you have anything else to do?

No, but that doesn't mean it's worth my time to go to your house.

Oh, don't be like that. I'm bored here. Come hang out.

She starts whining.

Sorry, but I can't be bothered with this.

Oh, uh, don't hang up! C'mon, I'll make it worth your while!

Oh? What are you gonna do?

What if I invited you to a talk show?

What show?

My show, of course.

No, I'm good.

*click*

I hang up the phone.

If she wanted something from me, she should've asked in a better way.

I'm about to walk back upstairs when…

*riiiiiiiiiing*

The phone rings again.

Yes?

Hey! Don't hang up on me! I'm inviting you over!

I said I'm not interested.

Liar. You actually wanna come over, don't you?

You are so dumb.

*click*

I hang up.

Then, I turn off the phone.

There we go.

I spend the rest of the day lazing around the house.

Sunday, April 20th.

Today I have a date with Lemmy.

I crawl out of bed.

There's a boxing show I just have to catch tonight.

But staying up that late will make it hard to get up tomorrow, so I'll just record it.

It starts at 1:15 am… I'll set the machine to record for a little longer than necessary.

Huh?

What channel is it again?

And which TV station?

I forget.

I'll just check the TV guide.

I press the button.

Hm?

The remote control's not working properly.

I press it over and over again.

No amount of button-mashing is making the channel change.

Looks like the TV guide button is out of whack.

Now what do I do?

It's too late now for me to want to drag myself out to buy a new remote control.

What should I do?

Hrrrm…

Oh yeah!

I can call someone I know to check.

Who do I call?

A. Akari.

B. Shiho.

C. Masashi.

Akari's the easiest to reach out to in times like these.

That's that then.

I dial her phone number…

…

*beep, beep, beep*

Oh, the line is busy.

Dammit, Akari's no help!

Masashi is the safest choice.

It's annoying to feel like I owe him something, but I know I can always call him.

It's easier to ask him about it.

Now that that's decided…

I dial his phone number…

…

*beep, beep, beep*

Oh, the line is busy.

He must be gossiping about stuff to someone as usual.

Masashi is the safest choice.

It would be quite problematic to call someone so late at night.

Which means it has to be Masashi.

I dial his phone number…

…

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*click*

Hello, Sato residence.

Bingo! Masashi picks up.

It's me, Hiroyuki.

Hey. What's up?

So, here's the thing…

You can never go wrong with Masashi.

This is the channel, and…

After school…

I have the misfortune of being on cleaning duty today.

I'm supposed to clean up around the stairs on the second floor.

I take out a broom…

I sweep here and there with a broom before deciding I'm done.

Then I go back to the classroom.

What a pain in the ass.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

April 21st is coming to an end.

Goodbye, April 21st.

We'll meet again next year.

I walk down the hallway and reach the stairs.

I decide to head home early.

I walk down the hallway and reach the shoe racks.

I pass by a teacher and get called out for slacking off.

I leave school and walk down the hill.

I wonder if anyone I know is walking home.

It didn't look like it.

I head home by myself.

Monday, April 21st.

The sky is heavy with low clouds, and a light rain is falling.

By the time we get to the park, the rain had died down a lot.

It was looking like we might have sunlight by noon.

The rain scattered the cherry blossoms everywhere.

Akari says holding an umbrella and walking next to me.

Flowers are beautiful because they fall.

You're like a poet, Yuki.

It's over!

I crack my neck.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

…

That's not good.

I can't sleep.

Oh well, maybe I'll try counting sheep.

One mutton…

Two mutton…

Wait. Mutton is just the name for the meat, right?

What do you call that animal when it's alive…?

Uh, what was it?

Err…

Oh man, I forget.

…

Now it's going to bother me.

What was it?!

I wander down the second floor hallway until I come to the room for the cultural enrichment clubs.

That's all, though.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

Bye, Fujita!

See you later.

I wave to a girl in my class and leave school.

I would've gone home with someone if I ran into anyone I knew, but I don't.

It sucks, but I head home by myself.

Hello, April 22nd.

It's been a year since we last met.

April 22nd comes only once a year.

I want to make it a meaningful day.

But I could never keep up the motivation to do that every day.

It's hot.

I see a heat haze in the distance.

It's a little hot.

Akari says, pulling at the front of her school uniform to fan herself.

More than a little. It's real hot. Is it summer already?

The forecast said it's going to feel as warm as late May today because of some phenomenon.

Warm is an understatement.

I'll go on ahead then.

See you later.

Yeah, later.

It's Masashi and Kakimoto.

They're on their way to soccer practice.

I decide to get moving too.

Wait, did I tell Shiho I'd go to the arcade with her?

If I ditched her, she'd never let me live it down.

Not that she isn't always annoying anyway.

What should I do?

I've got to put the unburnable garbage out tomorrow.

I've got a lot of that just waiting to be thrown away.

Should I take the garbage out now?

Living alone is tough.

I trudge down the hallway.

I pass by students on their way home.

I would've liked to see someone I knew, but I don't. I reach the stairs.

Later, Fujita.

See you later.

I wave to a boy in my class and leave school.

I head home by myself.

Thinking about how alone I am makes me feel a bit sad.

Aren't any of my friends around?

Wednesday, April 23rd.

Morning has, of course, come again.

*yaaawn* I'm tired.

Well, time for another day of learning.

I'm heading out!

I inform the empty living room that I'm leaving, then exit the door.

Good morning, Yuki.

Akari runs over from across the street.

Hey…

You seem tired.

I am tired… *yaaaawn*

Haha, that's a big yawn.

Akari grins.

When we get to the school gate…

Hiroyuki!

I hear someone behind me.

I turn and see Aoi run over.

Hey, Aoi.

Good morning, Hiroyuki.

Aoi says, her shoulders heaving as she struggles to catch her breath in front of me.

Did you run here?

Yes, I was running a little late this morning.

You know her, Yuki?

Akari asks, peering into my eyes.

Yeah, she's in the after school club I've been going to. Her name's Aoi.

Oh, hello. I'm Aoi Matsubara.

Oh, I'm Akari Kamigishi.

They introduce themselves and bow to each other.

…

There's something a little awkward about the scene.

Regardless, the day's over.

Now I can go straight home or stop somewhere on the way. It's up to me.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

Today's Thursday.

I'm always tired on Thursday.

The same goes for Wednesday and Friday.

I'm not tired on Saturday, and that's pretty much it.

That's it for April 24th.

Goodnight.

Zzz…

I walk down the hall as I gaze at the view outside.

The scenery in the distance seems white and hazy.

The view would be better from the roof, but this is still pretty nice.

I aimlessly made my way here.

It would be pointless to take another step.

I climb up and down this hill every day.

I wonder if it's making my legs stronger.

I bet it would feel good to speed down the hill on a skateboard.

Thursday, April 24th.

Thursday? It's garbage day.

Good morning, Yuki.

Hey.

Oh, garbage?

Yeah, they take the unburnable garbage today.

I say, as I hold a garbage bag.

I'm constantly throwing out garbage, but it just keeps piling up.

…

What?

You're like a housewife.

Hey, you'll get it when you live on your own.

Another day's hard work over with, I guess.

Now it's time to have some fun.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

The second floor hallway is crowded with students leaving to go home.

I think I might run into someone I know, but unfortunately I don't.

I reach the shoe racks.

I look for love letters but don't find any.

Oh well.

I leave school.

I guess I'll head home…

That night…

I get in bed early and close my eyes.

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

I hear a cat.

It's nearby.

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

And it's really loud.

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

…

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

…

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

Shut up!

I jump up and shout.

A black cat is sitting on the fence.

It looks at my face.

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

Then it starts to meow as if trying to communicate something.

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

Please, if you want to meow, do it somewhere else.

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

Shoo, shoo.

I try to drive it away, but it just keeps staring at me curiously and meowing.

Please.

"Meooooooooooooooooow!"

It's hopeless.

I almost look for something to throw, but I'd feel bad if I hurt the cat, so I just go back to bed.

I put headphones on and listen to a CD.

This should be good enough.

…

Now I can't sleep because of the music.

Can't anything just be easy?

Friday, April 25th.

The sky's pretty nice.

And I'm in the best of moods.

Hey, I'm Hiroyuki!

Yuki, sounds like you're in a good mood.

Yeah, I'm feeling great! Ride on my back, Akari!

Uh, why?

I just have that much energy.

Alright, all done.

When I look up, the sun is still high in the sky.

Saturdays always put me in a good mood.

And knowing tomorrow is Sunday makes it even better.

That's like a bonus on top of a bonus.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

April 26th comes to an end.

I accidentally stay up late watching TV.

Tomorrow is going to suck.

I trudge down the hallway.

I pass by students on their way home.

I would've liked to see someone I knew, but I don't. I reach the stairs.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

*yaaawn*

I inhale the outside air and stretch my arms wide.

Now to head home.

Saturday, April 26th.

Just knowing it's Saturday is refreshing.

And the weather makes it all the better.

I think I might have a cold.

Damn, are you alright? Get well soon.

Thanks, I'll try.

Oh, it's already 11.

Which means it's starting soon…

A. The radio show.

B. My glorious bathtime.

The radio show is starting soon.

Radio, on!

You're listening to Heart to Heart…

That contributor just now… I wonder what position they were removed from?

Probably something so insignificant that the producer decided to leave it out.

I feel sorry for them…

That's right.

It's time for my glorious bath.

Let me get ready for it.

Take off my clothes, stuff them into the washer…

Won't someone come wash my back for me?

I'm out of the house, but there's still nothing to do.

Is anyone I know around?

I wander around.

There's nobody here.

I guess I can't assume I'll run into people I know.

Oh well.

Maybe I'll just grab something to eat and head home.

Wasn't there some new movie out?

The title is…I forget.

Seeing a movie alone feels wrong though.

I decide to kill some time and burn some money at the arcade.

I play the shooting game that I played against Shiho before.

Something about the character reminds me of Kurusugawa.

She sure is cute.

Sunday, April 27th.

I somehow wake up early.

But I don't have any plans this Sunday.

Oh well.

I decide to go wander around town that afternoon.

My blissful Sunday was coming to an end.

It was back to school tomorrow.

Oh well. I should go to bed early tonight.

Alright, class is over for the day.

I'm finally free.

And tomorrow's a holiday too, which feels especially liberating.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

Tomorrow’s Showa Day.

But it's unfair to celebrate only Showa.

I wish they'd add Taisho Day and Heisei Day too.

I walk down the hall as I gaze at the view outside.

The scenery in the distance seems white and hazy.

The view would be better from the roof, but this is still pretty nice.

I walk down the hallway and reach the shoe racks.

I pass by a teacher and get called out for slacking off.

*yaaawn*

I inhale the outside air and stretch my arms wide.

Now to head home.

Tomorrow’s Showa Day.

But it's unfair to celebrate only Showa.

I wish they'd add Taisho Day and Heisei Day too.

Well, Aoi has her match tomorrow.

I should go to bed early.

Just need to set my alarm… There we go.

*chirp, chirp*

Unnngh…

I check the clock. My alarm isn't set to go off for another ten minutes.

This is a rare occasion.

Monday, April 28th.

Time to start another day.

I finish breakfast and still have time to spare.

Alright.

Maybe I'll head out early today.

Akari hasn't arrived yet.

I hide and wait for her.

Close to three minutes pass.

Akari arrives right on time.

BOO!

Eek!!!

Hahaha!

She sounds genuinely surprised.

Y-Yuki…

Did I scare you?

Yeah, definitely. Geez…

Hahaha, sorry, sorry. But a little excitement is nice on mornings like these, right?

You're gonna shave years off my life.

Don't talk like an old person.

Oh?

I'm about to make myself something to eat when I realize my supply of instant noodles has run dry.

Although I realize I shouldn't be eating instant noodles every day even over spring break, I still feel the need to stock up.

So I go shopping.

I buy ramen, udon, and yakisoba while I'm at it.

This should last me for a while.

It makes me feel poor, though.

Oh, Hiroyuki.

I happen to run into Masashi.

He's holding a plastic bag.

Hey, you're out shopping too?

Yeah, my sister asked me to.

Haha, what? Still can't say no to Chiemi?

It's not really like that.

Well, I'm not one to talk. I can't say no to Chiemi either.

I laugh.

Masashi's sister was a good deal older than I was, so I always feel like I have to be deferential to her.

She's pregnant, so it is what it is.

Oh, really? How far along is she?

Seven months, I think?

Then she's got to be showing by now, huh?

I guess.

Masashi and I chat and walk together.

Did you have practice this morning?

Yeah, that's when the field is available.

Sucks that you have to do all that so early.

It's fun. I don't mind.

Masashi sounds content.

I understand what my weaknesses are now, and I want to get better.. We have a lot of practice matches, and they're pretty fun.

Yeah?

Masashi was sort of a flake back in elementary school, but you'd never know it from the way he is now.

He's way more together than I am.

What is it, Hiroyuki?

What do you mean?

You look like you want to say something.

Oh, yeah, I guess.

Hm?

Well, Masashi…

Hm?

A. Good luck.

B. I bet all the girls are into you now, huh?

Good luck.

I say.

…

He looks a little confused.

Okay, thanks.

He nods.

By the way…

Hm?

Do you have time to hang out at my place? It's been a while. You can say hi to my sister.

Alright, sounds good. Might as well.

I spend the day at Masashi's place.

I bet all the girls are into you now, huh?

I ask.

Um, wh-why do you ask?

I was just wondering.

Hmm, well… I wouldn't say I'm unpopular.

So you have a lot of fans, huh?

I mean, haha…

Any particular girls you're into?

Oh, not really.

Masashi seems a little flustered.

Looks like I hit on something.

C'mon, be honest.

I grin and prod him with my elbow.

W-Well, sure, there's someone I'm kind of interested in.

What? Tell me who. Come on.

Hahaha, man…

I end up going over to Masashi's place and talking about guy things.

Hmmm…

I wake up early.

Tuesday, April 29th.

Today is a holiday.

Showa Day… I think?

That night…

I find a brand new notebook in a drawer.

I'd gotten it for free at the grand opening of some store.

Oh, right.

Today's as good a day as any. I might as well start a diary.

"April 29th, Tuesday. I got up in the morning and went to sleep at night."

Now that's a terrible first entry.

Forget it.

I'm not doing this.

Diaries aren't really my thing.

I need to go to bed early to prepare for tomorrow.

Sleep is critical to the development of any child.

Not that I'm a child anymore.

April 29th is over.

I slowly drift off to sleep.

*yaaawn*

It's over!

Ugh, my shoulders are so stiff.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

That night…

Crap, I messed up.

I watch TV for so long that it's three in the morning now.

Will I ever learn?

I walk down the hallway.

I pass by a few students, but no one that I know.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I would've gone home with someone if I ran into anyone I knew, but I don't.

It sucks, but I head home by myself.

Wednesday, April 30th.

Alright!

I get out of bed and stretch.

It's the last morning of April, and I feel great.

Have you heard the news, Yuki?

What?

A toy store called Kids Toy Park opened at the train station.

Oh, that.

You knew about it?

With all the flashy ads they've put out, yeah.

They have tons of different toys.

Have you checked it out already?

I went with Shiho the other day.

Oh yeah?

And I bought…

A bear, I'm guessing.

Ding, ding, ding, you got it!

It was obvious.

Alright!

The first day of May is over.

Now I can do what I want.

What should I do now?

Talk to someone.

Walk around the second floor

Walk around the first floor

Leave school

Go to an after school club activity

Go home

Alright, let's talk to someone.

Alright, let's walk around the second floor.

Alright, let's walk around the first floor.

Alright, let's leave.

Alright, let's go to an after school club.

Maybe I'll go home for the day.

May 1st is over.

I slowly drift off to sleep.

I leave the classroom and walk down the hallway.

I don't see any familiar faces.

I walk out into the first floor hallway.

There are a few students standing here and there.

The student council suggestion box is at the bottom of the stairs.

I decide to provide them with my valuable input.

"Add more types of sandwiches to the student store." There we go.

I walk out of school and take the usual path down the hill.

Some students chat as they walk home while others race by on bikes.

What should I do when I get home?

That night…

I find a brand new notebook in a drawer.

I'd gotten it for free at the grand opening of some store.

Oh, right.

Today's as good a day as any. I might as well start a diary.

"May 1st, Thursday.

I got up in the morning and went to sleep at night.

Now that's a terrible first entry.

Forget it.

I'm not doing this.

Diaries aren't really my thing.

I need to go to bed early to prepare for tomorrow.

Sleep is critical to the development of any child.

Thursday, May 1st.

It's morning already?

I wake up feeling tired the first morning of May.

It's May already.

Yep.

When the weather's this nice, it makes me want to do something fun instead of going to school.

Are you suggesting we ditch?

N-No…

What? I was thinking we could go chill at that park with a view of the beach.

…

You were thinking about ditching just now, weren't you?

What?

What a delinquent.

…

Alright, it's the start of Golden Week.

I feel light and free, inside and out.

School's over.

Tomorrow's the start of Golden Week.

However, I'm not in a great mood.

That night…

I get in bed early.

There's nothing left to do but sleep.

I slowly drift off.

The second floor hallway is crowded with students leaving to go home.

I think I might run into someone I know, but unfortunately I don't.

I descend the stairs to the first floor hallway.

I don't run into anyone in particular.

I leave school.

I guess I'll head home…

Friday, May 2nd.

Alright!

If I can just get through today, Golden Week starts tomorrow.

And then we have a school trip after that.

Thinking about that should help me get through the day.

You just have to tolerate one more day of school before the break, Yuki.

You act like I hate going to school.

You don't?

Well… I guess it would be a lie to say I don't.

The long Golden Week holiday was over, and it was finally the morning of our school trip.

I was only bringing a single large gym bag.

The less I carried with me, the better.

Not that I was going empty-handed.

The trick was to pack only what was absolutely necessary.

Let's go!

I leave earlier than usual, but I'm hardly tired at all today.

*huff, huff* Wait, Yuki.

Akari sets her bag on the ground and pauses to catch her breath.

Man, your bag is huge. You're gonna tire yourself out before the trip even starts.

It looks like her bag is packed to the gills. It's like she's going camping.

But I need this stuff.

Whatever, let me carry it.

Oh, but…

It's fine. You can carry my bag instead.

O-Okay. Thanks, Yuki.

I grab her bag.

Hngh!

I lift it in one smooth motion.

Oh, I thought I saw a bag walking with Akari. I guess it was you.

Only one girl would come disparage me first thing in the morning. It was Shiho, of course.

Shut up, I'm no bag. And this is Akari's bag, anyway.

Oh, is it really, Akari?

Yeah.

Ahaha! You try to be ready for even the weirdest things. That's so 'Akari.'

Do you think I over-packed?

It's probably fine. No shot you'll run short on anything on the road.

Right?

And where's your bag?

Mine? I'm not bringing anything.

Are you nuts? This isn't some kiddy trip. Don't tell me you're gonna try and get your stuff delivered.

Well, maybe I am.

R-Really?

Just kidding, that'd be silly. I got to school before you. I just came out to say hi to you.

Oh! You had me going for a second there.

So you're even spreading fake gossip about your own life now? This is getting to be a serious problem.

What?! It was a joke! Do you know what jokes are, blockhead?!

It's hard to tell when you're joking because you're so un-funny.

Hey! Akari thought it was funny!

She was just shocked!

Hehe, you must both be excited for the school trip. You have so much energy.

C'mon, Akari!

Huh?!

Man, if this is what it's like before we even leave, I don't even want to think about what the trip will be like.

Four tour buses are parked in front of the school.

Kids are chatting at the school gate as they wait.

I put Akari's heavy luggage down and decide to sit on the ground rather than join them.

Ugh, I'm tired… This is all Akari's fault.

I sigh and look at the sky. The dazzling May sunlight shines into my eyes.

Unnngh…

The morning sun is really bright.

I hold up my hand to block it when I happen to see Masashi standing there.

Hiroyuki.

Hey.

You already look worn out.

Well, I went through a lot this morning.

I sigh again.

But, man, spring's almost over.

I mutter.

We had an eventful spring this year.

I guess.

So…

Masashi wants to say something.

Hm?

Hiroyuki.

What? Just relax and say it.

…

Get on with it.

Masashi stares at me for a bit.

We'll always be friends, right?

He asks.

What? Why do you need to ask that now? We've been best friends for over a decade now.

That's true.

Masashi grins.

Hey! Time to assemble!

Mr. Kibayashi shouts from a ways away.

Let's go, Hiroyuki.

Sure.

I stand up and walk with him.

Looking forward to seeing Hokkaido?

Masashi asks me.

Well, it'll be my first time there. I'm pretty pumped for it. I especially want to see Hakodate at night.

I want to see the view of the horizon from Mt. Hakodate.

Yeah, you don't get views like that around here.

True.

Watching the sunset could be cool. Maybe we could get some sunset photos of us.

Sounds good.

Now that I think about it, he and I had been through a lot together.

Happy times…

Sad times…

Fun times…

He, Akari, Shiho, and I shared in all those experiences.

I know the four of us won't be together forever, but I want these relationships to last for at least a while longer.

I want to keep hanging out with them-arguing with Shiho, comforting Akari, and laughing with Masashi.

Those are the greatest times of my life.

What are you thinking about?

Nothing much.

I smile and shake my head.

Anyway, let's enjoy the next five days!

Yeah!

Final exams start today.

On the first day we have the health and physics exams.

First period is health and PE, so you could call that the warm-up.

I studied as much as I could, so the rest comes down to luck.

I finish moving to my new desk and wait until the teacher arrives.

Question and answer sheets are handed out face-down.

As the bell chimes I hear everyone flip their sheets over and start the exam.

Here we go.

Physics is second period.

All this business about energy and nuclei and whatever makes no sense to me.

Whatever, I just have to try.

Aaah, it's over!

The first day comes to an end.

I stretch to loosen up my stiff body.

Yuki.

Just as I was feeling refreshed, Akari comes to see me.

What? Asking how I did already?

Yeah, what'd you think?

A. It was a cinch.

B. It wasn't bad.

C. It was pretty awful.

A. It wasn't bad.

B. It was pretty awful.

That was nothing. It was a cinch.

Really? That's great!

Akari smiles.

Well, studying with you probably helped.

Really?

But if I did this well after just one night of cramming, can you imagine how great I'd do if I actually tried?

Geez, don't let it go to your head.

Anyway, how'd you do?

Me?

Yeah.

I did okay, I think.

Her answer is vague, as usual.

Whenever you say that, it means you did phenomenal.

Oh, yeah, well, I think I did better than I was expecting.

When you take school as seriously as you do, it pays off. Have some confidence.

Okay, maybe you're right.

Still, for all my big talk, this is still only the first day. I can't rest easy yet.

It could all go downhill starting tomorrow.

Well, it's only the first day of exams. Let's keep it up.

Yeah, let's do this!

I did okay.

I think that's about how I did too.

I just crammed the night before though, so I wouldn't expect any better. But you've been seriously studying, right?

Y-Yeah, well, that's true, but it takes a while for stuff to click for me. You're actually really smart, Yuki. If you would just study more…

That again? What makes you think I'm smart?

You're super quick to understand things. If you really wanted to, I know you could get great grades.

I dunno about that.

I did pretty awful.

It was that bad?

She asks, gazing at me through upturned eyes.

I always do fine on the health exam, but I think I blew it with physics.

Which questions?

Like the fourth question, I think? The one where you're supposed to state the advantages of different energy sources.

Right, I remember that one.

I didn't think they'd ask about everything, so I only memorized the important stuff.

Oh, I do the same thing.

What? You too?

I can't memorize everything, so I just try to remember a few key things.

Yeah, same!

I should've tried to memorize everything.

Aside from that, I guess breaking things down into short sentences helps.

Right, that was good for the explanation of nuclear fission.

How'd you know I did that?

Because you recited it out loud over and over again. Do you not remember?

I forget that kind of thing in seconds.

So how are you feeling about tomorrow?

I dunno. Maybe I'll be okay, maybe not.

Do the best you can, Yuki.

Yeah, yeah, I know.

It's the second day of finals.

Today is the Math exam.

As long as I have the formulas memorized, I have no problem applying them.

Anyway, that's done.

That went pretty…

Hi, Hiroyuki!

Lemmy approaches me.

Hey.

How'd your exam go?

Well…

I did…

A. Perfect.

B. I didn't do bad.

C. Awful.

A. I didn't do bad.

B. Awful.

Perfect.

That was all thanks to Akari, though.

Way to go, Hiroyuki! You're a genius!

I'm glad you're happy for me, Lemmy, but how did you do?

I'm awful at Math.

How bad?

The worst.

The worst? Like not even memorizing the formulas helps?

Nope.

That doesn't bode well.

It sure doesn't!

She sounds pretty detached, though, like it's someone else's problem.

At least it doesn't bother her too much.

But you have English down, right?

Yeah, English exams are no sweat for me.

I'm jealous.

But it's not like me being good at English tests is especially impressive.

That's a fair point.

Yeah.

Well, good luck with the other subjects like Chemistry and Social Studies and stuff.

Thanks!

What subjects are you good at? I feel like you'd be surprisingly knowledgeable about social studies and stuff.

I'm bad at all of them.

Oh, come on.

Well, I guess I get by.

Just get by? Do you not try very hard?

No, this is the best I can do. You're all overestimating me.

…What does that mean?

Like you think I'm better than I am.

But I think you're smart.

That's what I'm saying. Just because you think that doesn't mean I am.

You're so humble, Hiroyuki.

I'm not getting through to her.

Awful.

That happens sometimes.

If only it were just sometimes.

Why do you say that?

Because this is the best I can do.

I don't think that's true.

Stop, I get enough of that from Akari.

Akari knows you well!

No she doesn't.

I'm sure you'll ace the next exam.

Your optimism just puts more pressure on me.

It's the third day of finals.

Today's subjects are English grammar and Chemistry.

I'm not good at either.

I prepare for the first period grammar exam by looking over Japanese translations of English sentences that would likely be on the test.

Eventually, the bell rings and the test begins.

Second period is chemistry.

Just looking at the hexagons of chemical structures is enough to give me a headache.

Oh!

The third day of exams ends before I know it.

Hmmm…

I move my joints around to loosen up.

Just then…

Hey there! How'd it go? Oh, you're pretty stiff.

The annoying one shows up.

What? You're asking around other classes too?

I came to ask you specifically. So, how'd it go?

Look at my face and guess.

Let's see…

Shiho stares at my face.

Hm, looking as dumb as usual.

Oh, screw you.

So how'd it go?

Man…

A. It went perfectly.

B. Not bad.

C. It was awful.

A. Not bad.

B. It was awful.

It went perfectly.

I make a peace sign.

It's all thanks to the studying I did with Akari.

What?! For you, of all people?!

What's that supposed to mean?

What type of reaction forms monomers into polymers in the process known as addition polymerization?

Shiho asks a random question from the exam to test me.

I'm up to the challenge.

The answer is…

A. A chain reaction.

B. An addition reaction.

C. Polymerization.

Not bad.

What does not bad mean? What score are you expecting?

Like a 60 or 70 if I'm lucky?

So you're not totally incompetent.

You make it sound like you're so great.

Whatever.

Ugh. Well, what element distinguishes organic compounds from other chemical compounds?

I ask a question from the exam to test her.

The answer to that one was C. Carbon.

She's surprisingly quick to answer.

Not bad.

Meh.

So, how'd you do then?

Me? I'd say I did okay too.

Hmph, you better not come crying to me tomorrow about how you failed.

Worry about yourself.

We grin confidently at each other.

I did awful, to be honest.

Oh! Just like me!

Shiho grins.

It didn't go well for you either?

Oh, it was terrible!

Shiho always does poorly.

I don't know if I should be happy or sad, but at least I'm not alone.

Camaraderie is nice, but I'd prefer to have it with literally anyone but Shiho.

We talk about the questions that confused us and try to figure out just how badly we did.

It's probably weird that we were comparing our mistakes instead of our answers.

A chain reaction.

I answered.

Hmm, Masashi, is that right?

Shiho looks to Masashi as he happens to be passing by.

You mean the first question? The answer was an addition reaction.

Masashi states matter-of-factly.

Crap, I was wrong.

Ahaha! Stupid, you couldn't even get that one? And you thought you did perfectly?

Urgh…

I glare at Masashi.

Oh, did I say something bad?

Masashi starts backing away a bit.

So, how'd you actually do then?

Not good. Can you shut up about it now?

I get fed up and tell the truth.

Hah, that's what you get for trying to look smart!

Oh, screw you.

But that makes us comrades.

How?

We're both failures.

Heh, what? You too? Then you're in no position to talk.

I guess she was just looking for someone who did as bad as she did.

An addition reaction, I'm pretty sure.

I answer.

Hmm, Masashi, is that right?

Shiho looks to Masashi as he happens to be passing by.

Are you talking about the first question? Yeah, the answer should be an addition reaction.

Masashi states matter-of-factly.

Hah.

That's what you get for quizzing people, Shiho.

Akari and I went over that question yesterday.

Hmph, so even you have good days, huh.

Shiho says, practically spitting her words at me before marching out of the classroom.

She probably just wanted to insult me.

Polymerization, right?

I answer.

Hmm, Masashi, is that right?

Shiho looks to Masashi as he happens to be passing by.

Are you talking about the first question? The answer should be an addition reaction.

Masashi states matter-of-factly.

Crap, I was wrong.

Ahaha! Stupid, you couldn't even get that one? And you thought you did perfectly?

Urgh…

I glare at Masashi.

Oh, did I say something bad?

Masashi starts backing away a bit.

So, how'd you actually do then?

Not good! Can you shut up about it now?!

I get fed up and tell the truth.

Hah, that's what you get for trying to look smart!

Oh, screw you.

But that makes us comrades.

How?

We're both failures.

Heh, what? You too? Then you're in no position to talk.

I guess she was just looking for someone who did as bad as she did.

It's the fourth day of finals.

The English and Social Studies exams are today.

We already had English grammar, and now there's more English.

Ugh, I'm so jealous of Lemmy!

The English exam is first.

I'll just try to get points from spelling and translation.

I remember someone saying once that Japan goes about its English education in the wrong way.

I have to agree.

I think these tests are useless.

Social Studies is up next.

I can remember the facts about world religions and cultures for now, but I'm sure I'll forget it all by tonight.

What do these memorization tests actually accomplish?

Whatever, I need to stop complaining and answer these questions.

I managed to make it through the exams.

Maybe I'll head home and take a nap or something.

Hey, Fujita, how's it going?

She's back.

What do you want? Let me guess, you want to find out how I did on the exam?

I'm curious.

Today I did…

A. Perfectly.

B. Not bad.

C. Awful.

A. Not bad.

B. Awful.

Perfectly.

I proclaim proudly.

I'm not buying it.

Shiho stared at my face.

Why not?

How could you do well on an exam? You didn't cheat, did you?

Don't be ridiculous. Cheating would go against my code of honor.

I just studied hard.

Akari and I studied together.

If anyone was going to cheat, it'd be you.

Hey, I'd appreciate if you didn't slander me like that.

Then don't slander me.

Anyway, I still don't believe you.

Doubt me all you want. I'm capable of getting good grades.

Not bad.

That's nice.

Shiho looks kind of irked.

What? Does that make you feel like a loser?

Shut up, go pretend like you're an honor student! See if I care!

Yeah, sounds like I was right.

I'm gonna be the only one who gets more questions wrong than right.

Yeah? My condolences.

I thought I could at least count on you to keep me company at the bottom.

Hahaha, I'm pretty good at keeping people company, but not like that.

I'm just dumber than everyone!

Oh…

Shiho shrinks away and leaves the room.

No one wants to get more questions wrong than right.

Just awful.

I sigh.

Yay! My comrade!

Shiho's delighted to find someone like her.

You too? I can't say I'm happy to hear that.

Whatever, the teacher can chew us out together<rep rep_heart>

Shiho pats me on the back.

But I wouldn't know how well I actually did until I get the results back.

Ugh, what a nightmare…

Sorry, but this is reality.

It's the last day of finals.

Today it's finally over.

All that remains is the Japanese exam.

I feel like I'm good at Japanese, but I'm often disappointed when I get my test results back.

When the bell chimes, everyone flips their question sheets over.

I scan over the questions and don't see any nonsense jargon. That's the nice thing about Japanese exams.

I'll start with kanji reading and writing to rack up some easy points.

*yaaawn*

Anyway, that's done.

Exams are finally over with.

How did it go, Yuki?

Akari approaches me.

It was fine.

Do you think you'll get a good score?

Who knows?

Are you not confident?

She looked worried.

Well, to be honest…

A. It went perfectly.

B. It went okay.

C. It went terribly.

A. It went okay.

B. It went terribly.

I think I did great.

Really?

Probably.

Akari breathes a sigh of relief.

That's great!

She smiles.

You actually studied this time, after all.

I think I have your coaching to thank for my good score.

When I said that, Akari flashed me a bashful smile.

No, it was all you, Yuki.

She says.

You think so? I don't know about that.

It's true!

Well, I think I did well, but I won't actually know until we get our tests back.

I'm sure you did fine!

Akari smiles and nods.

I don't know where this baseless faith of hers comes from.

It went okay.

So you were able to get through it?

I probably did well enough.

I'm sure you did. You actually studied this time.

Akari breathed a sigh of relief.

Well, if I fail this time, I might as well just give up.

I'm sure you did fine.

I hope so.

It went terribly.

What?

It was just awful. Real awful.

But Yuki, you actually studied this time.

Akari looks worried.

Well, I'm probably just not that smart.

That's not true, Yuki. You're very capable.

You don't know that.

I totally do.

Well, whatever. I don't want to get my hopes up just to be let down later.

I think you'll be fine.

You're saying that based on nothing.

The homeroom teacher enters the room.

Stand up!

A class committee member commands.

Uh, so I think you'll be getting your final exams back today. Also, there's something I forgot to tell you.

The teacher bashfully scratches his head.

The average grades for freshmen here haven't been great lately, so we just decided that whoever fails these exams will have to take supplementary classes over spring break.

All the students suddenly begin to whisper.

Classes over spring break?

What the hell?

Sorry, I should've said something sooner. But I'm sure nobody in this class did that poorly.

The teacher grins awkwardly.

If I'd known from the start that I might have to take classes over break, I would've tried 30% harder.

Well, there's nothing I can do about it now.

Please just spare me from going to school during spring break.

At the end of class, we get all of our exams back.

So, these are my current grades.

Let me try calculating the average score.

My average score is 84.

Oh, that's actually pretty good.

I even surprise myself.

Seeing all that work pay off actually makes me believe in myself.

Well, maybe I have Akari to thank for this.

Yuki.

Hey.

Akari walks over at the perfect moment.

How did you do on the exams?

Oh, I just calculated my average.

What was it?

She sounds a bit nervous.

Hahaha… You're gonna be shocked. 84 points.

Wow, really?!

Yeah, look.

I show her all my exams.

It's true! Wow, Yuki!

Akari smiles, and it was as if a flower had suddenly blossomed.

That puts me in a good mood.

Well, it's no big deal.

I try to be humble.

I knew you could do it, Yuki.

Your intuition is spot on sometimes.

But honestly, nothing feels more important than Akari's encouraging smile.

So how'd it go for you?

I ask.

I…

Akari's shoulders suddenly slump forward.

What? Not good?

I peer into her eyes.

Just messing with you!

Akari grins.

Hehehe, I did great too!

She makes a peace sign.

That wasn't very funny. Alright, so we're both doing okay.

Yep.

My average score is 67.

That's decent.

But if I'd known about the supplementary classes, I would've tried a little harder.

Yuki.

Akari approaches me.

Hey.

How did you do on the exams?

Oh, I just calculated my average.

What was it?

She sounds a bit nervous.

67 points.

Okay. That's not bad.

Akari smiles, and it was as if a flower had suddenly blossomed.

That puts me in a good mood.

Well, it's no big deal.

I try to be humble.

That's 67 points with just a little studying. I knew you could do it if you tried, Yuki.

We can't assume that'll always be true.

Still, I want to believe that studying with Akari paid off.

My average score is 54.

At least I got over half the questions right.

But if I'd known about the supplementary classes, I would've tried a little harder.

In any case, I at least avoided the supplementary classes.

Now to head home.

I get ready to leave, pull my bag up over my shoulder, and stand up from my chair.

Hey, don't you leave yet.

Right when I'm about to leave the classroom, Shiho enters.

Oh? Are you leaving?

Akari is with her.

What do you want?

How'd you do on the exams?

I knew you'd ask that. Well, let me just say that I don't have to take supplementary classes.

Seriously?!

Seriously.

I resolutely reply.

How dare you! It wasn't supposed to be this way!

What's that supposed to mean?

Yuki's actually pretty smart.

Grr, me too, I just have bad luck sometimes.

All the time, apparently.

Gah, this sucks!

Is that all you wanted to ask? 'Cause if so, I'm gonna leave.

Shiho kept stamping her feet as I left the classroom.

My average score is…

I don't even want to say it.

One thing's for sure. I'll have to take classes over the break.

Ugh…

My shoulders fall forward in despair.

If I'd known about the supplementary classes, I would've tried a little harder.

Well, there's nothing I can do about it now.

I'll just have to take those classes.

Today I'll have a pity party all by myself.

I get ready to leave, pull my bag up over my shoulder, and stand up from my chair.

Hey, don't you leave yet.

Right when I'm about to leave the classroom, Shiho enters.

Oh? Are you leaving?

Akari is with her.

What do you want?

How'd you do on the exams?

Don't ask.

Uh, what? Do you have to take classes over break?

I said don't ask.

Yuki, did you not do well?

I guess I can't do better than this after all.

So are you taking classes over break or what?

Yeah, I am, okay! Now can you shut up about it?

I finally answer her.

I brace myself for what comes next.

I'm sure this'll lead to her mocking me.

Oh yeah! My man!

What?

I frown at Shiho's surprising reaction.

She's taking supplementary classes too.

Akari explains, her lips curling into a wry smile.

What, you too?

What a coincidence, huh, Hiro?

Nah, it might've been inevitable for you.

What's that supposed to mean?!

Come now, Shiho. You're taking classes together. You should be happy about it.

What kind of support is that, Akari?

Well, whatever.

Yeah, I'm being generous enough to spend time with you. Be thankful.

The way you're putting that pisses me off!

Shiho stamps her feet.

Is that all you wanted to ask? 'Cause if it is, I'm gonna go. I'm just shocked that I did as bad as you.

What?!

Shiho keeps stamping her feet as I leave the classroom.

Failing my exams means I get to take classes with Shiho.

That's less a coincidence than an inevitability.

Hey, listen!

I hear a lethargic cry, and Shiho trudges into the room.

What's wrong?

Akari doesn't seem to know, but I can guess from her attitude.

Do you have some good news?

I smirk.

Shut up! It's terrible!

I knew it. Let me guess what's irking you.

Go ahead. If you're wrong, you have to buy me juice.

I nod.

Congrats on getting to take classes over the break!

I say.

Grrrr, I hate to admit it, but you're right.

Shiho sulks.

Shiho, did you not do well?

When has she ever done well on an exam?

It's worth mentioning that Shiho was never good about studying.

She can't seem to pay attention to anything for long, and sitting quietly at a desk isn't her strong suit.

She just can't focus.

It's completely unreasonable to expect Shiho to do well on an exam.

I don't even know how she got into this school.

What are you smirking about?

Shiho asks, speaking as if she knew exactly what I was thinking.

Nothing.

I play dumb.

You suck!

I'm not taking supplementary classes, by the way. I'm guessing you were looking for someone else who is, but too bad.

You really suck!

Whatever, I'm not gonna be there. Now get going.

I shoo her as if sweeping dust away.

Arrrgh! Fine! Akari, let's forget this guy and leave!

Oh, but…

He's not one of us! Who cares about this traitor?

I clear my throat.

You don't understand, Shiho. Akari's obviously not taking supplementary classes. That means the odd one out here is… YOU!

Shiho stumbles.

Urgh, Akari, are you abandoning me too?

N-No, we're friends.

But she's not taking those classes with you.

Yuki…<rep rep_sweat>

It's just true.

I'm all alone…

Shiho, let's go back to our class. It looks like staying here could hurt you.

See you later. Try and cheer her up for me.

I wave goodbye.

You'll pay for this.

Hey, just try harder next time.

Shiho turns away.

Still wearing a wry smile, Akari drags her by the hand and leaves the classroom.

Good thing I actually studied.

I didn't even want to think about what would've happened otherwise.

Select a character

Memories

Character:

Common Scenario

Common Scenario

Akari Kamigishi

Shiho Nagaoka

Multi

Tomoko Hoshina

Serika Kurusugawa

Lemmy Miyauchi

Aoi Matsubara

Kotone Himekawa

Rio Hinayama

Ayaka Kurusugawa

Serio

Masashi Sato

Opening　Opening Cutscene

Prologue　Prologue-The Story Begins

March 4 - Morning　Hiroyuki Eats Sandwiches Made by Akari

March 7 - Morning　The Morning of the Graduation Ceremony

March 10 - Morning　Akari Visits Hiroyuki’s House

March 24 - Morning　The Morning of the End-of-Semester Ceremony

March 24 - After School　After School Following the End-of-Semester Ceremony

April 8 - Morning　Start of a New Semester

April 11 - Morning　Serika Shows up in a Limousine

April 19 - Morning　The Morning of Multi’s Goodbye

April 29 - Midday　Chatting with Masashi

May 1 - Morning　Start of May

March 8 - Night　Radio: Day 1

March 15 - Night　Radio: Day 2

March 22 - Night　Radio: Day 3

March 29 - Night　Radio: Day 4

April 5 - Night　Radio: Day 5

April 12 - Night　Radio: Day 6

April 19 - Night　Radio: Day 7

April 26 - Night　Radio: Day 8

April 29 - Midday　Encounter with Mineko Karashima

Ending　Normal End

Calendar Day Event 1　An Invitation to Study for Finals

Calendar Day Event 2　Exam Study Session with Akari 1

Calendar Day Event 3　Exam Study Session with Akari 2

Calendar Day Event 4　Exam Study Session with Akari 3

Calendar Day Event 5　Exam Study Session with Akari 4

Calendar Day Event 6　Exam Study Session with Akari 5

Calendar Day Event 7　Exam Study Session with Akari 6

Calendar Day Event 8　Cherry-Blossom Picnic with Akari

Calendar Day Event 9　School Trip Guidance

Affection Event 1　Akari's Handmade Bento Lunch

Affection Event 2　Hungry, Hungry Hiroyuki

Affection Event 3　Eating Lunch with Akari

Affection Event 4　Akari's Injury

Affection Event 5　Spotting Serika

Affection Event 6　Akari's New Hairdo

Affection Event 7　A Romantic Rival Appears?!

Affection Event 8　Akari Down with a Cold

Affection Event 9　Visiting Sick Akari

Affection Event 10　The Morning After the First Kiss

Affection Event 11　Morning Pleasantries with Akari

Affection Event 12　Akari Asks to Come over to Cook Dinner

Affection Event 13　Akari Asks to Shop for Dinner Groceries

Affection Event 14　Akari Comes over with Ingredients to Cook Dinner

Affection Event 15　Hiroyuki Can't Look Akari in the Eye

Affection Event 16　Ignoring Akari

Affection Event 17　Shooing Akari Away

Affection Event 18　A Phone Call

Recurring Event 1　About Girls' Day

Recurring Event 2　Light Reading at the Bookstore

Recurring Event 3　An Interesting Novel

Recurring Event 4　About Being Thrifty

Recurring Event 5　Akari's English Questions

Recurring Event 6　Pet Shop Pit Stop

Recurring Event 7　Kotone's Supernatural Phenomena

Recurring Event 8　Bearachu Plushie

Recurring Event 9　Rooftop Rainbow

Recurring Event 10　A Question for Akari

Recurring Event 11　An Invitation for Cake

Recurring Event 12　Dreaming in the Classroom

Recurring Event 13　Bumping Into Akari at the Bookstore

Recurring Event 14　Akari Asks, "Are You Free Right Now?"

Recurring Event 15　Rejecting Akari

Recurring Event 16　Walking Home from School During Exams with Akari

VS Event 1　Tomoko Asks About Akari's Whereabouts

VS Event 2　Lemmy Asks About Your Relationship with Akari

VS Event 3　Kotone Asks If You Are Dating Akari

VS Event 4　Aoi Asks If You Are Dating Akari

Day Off Event　Post-haircut Encounter with Akari

Ending　Akari Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　Shiho's Invitation to Hang Out at the River

Calendar Day Event 2　Supplementary Classes with Shiho

Affection Event 1　Quiz Game Battle

Affection Event 2　Shiho Info (Math Teacher)

Affection Event 3　Being Told to Get Along with Akari

Affection Event 4　Shiho Hangs Out with Naito and Nagata

Affection Event 5　Karaoke Battle

Affection Event 6　Reminiscing About Meeting Akari

Affection Event 7　Water-Gun Battle!

Affection Event 8　Downtown Diva

Affection Event 9　A Kiss with Shiho?!

Affection Event 10　Yesterday's Kiss Drama

Affection Event 11　Tour of the Solar System

Affection Event 12　A Late-Night Date?!

Affection Event 13　Get Along with Akari, Again

Affection Event 14　Jet Ski Battle Promise

Affection Event 15　Jet Ski Battle!

Affection Event 16　Blasted for Flaking on Going to the Arcade

Affection Event 17　Off to YacDonald's on Shiho's Dime

Affection Event 18　Shiho's True Feelings

Affection Event 19　Going to YacDonald's with Akari and Shiho

Affection Event 20　Shiho's Invitation to Hang Out After School

Recurring Event 1　A Gal's Charm

Recurring Event 2　An Invitation to the Ice Cream Parlor

Recurring Event 3　An Invitation to the Movies

Recurring Event 4　Preparing for Finals at YacDonald's

Recurring Event 5　Incoming Shiho Info

Recurring Event 6　About Going Home with Akari

Recurring Event 7　Encountering Shiho at the Shoe Racks

Recurring Event 8　Shiho Leaving the Bookstore

Recurring Event 9　Spotting Shiho at the Bookstore

Recurring Event 10　Encountering Shiho in the Hallway

Recurring Event 11　Shiho Ravenously Reading a Book

Recurring Event 12　Spotting Shiho at the Shoe Racks

Recurring Event 13　Encountering Shiho in the Shopping Arcade

VS Event 1　Invitation from Shiho and Akari to YacDonald's

VS Event 2　Tomoko Cautions Shiho

Day Off Event　Encountering Shiho at the Drug Store

Ending　Shiho Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　Student Robomaid Rumors

Calendar Day Event 2　Multi Falls Down the Stairs

Calendar Day Event 3　Multi and Serio's Trip Home

Calendar Day Event 4　Amusement Park Date

Affection Event 1　Multi Chats with a Dog

Affection Event 2　Recharging Multi

Affection Event 3　Multi's Shopping Trip

Affection Event 4　Itching to See Multi's You-Know-What!

Affection Event 5　Multi Dreaming in the Library

Recurring Event 1　Multi Cleaning the Hallway

Recurring Event 2　About Robomaids

Recurring Event 3　Multi's Breaker

Recurring Event 4　Hide and Seek with Multi

Recurring Event 5　Playing Air Hockey at the Arcade

Recurring Event 6　Parting Ways Tomorrow

Recurring Event 7　Saying Goodbye to the School

VS Event　Who to Give the Lucky Charm to-Lemmy or Multi?

Ending　Multi Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　A Moment of Kindness at the Library

Calendar Day Event 2　Starting a New Year with a Self-Introduction

Calendar Day Event 3　Tomoko Waits for Her Father

Calendar Day Event 4　Tomoko in the Rain

Affection Event 1　How to Solve a Problem

Affection Event 2　Tomoko VS the Trio

Affection Event 3　Tomoko in Tears

Affection Event 4　Tomoko's Cold Shoulder

Affection Event 5　Talking to Tomoko on the Rooftop

Affection Event 6　Ignored in Class

Affection Event 7　The Class Rep Walks on By

Affection Event 8　Stopping the Trio's Pranks

Affection Event 9　The Trio Apologizes

Affection Event 10　Tell Me the Meaning

Affection Event 11　Tomoko's Claw Machine Funtimes

Recurring Event 1　An Argument in the Hallway

Recurring Event 2　A Close Call in the Hallway

Recurring Event 3　Mixing Up Masashi and Tomoko

Recurring Event 4　Akari and Tomoko Collide

Recurring Event 5　Rumors About Tomoko

Recurring Event 6　Tomoko with a Guy

Recurring Event 7　Spotting Tomoko at the School Gate

Recurring Event 8　Tomoko's Cold Shoulder Returns

Recurring Event 9　A Knockout Bag

Recurring Event 10　Reason for Getting Along

Recurring Event 11　Who's Tomoko Waiting for at the School Gate?

Ending　Tomoko Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　Bringing Serika a Book

Calendar Day Event 2　Spiriting Channeling Invitation

Calendar Day Event 3　Pool Date with Serika

Calendar Day Event 4　The Love Potion's Ready

Affection Event 1　Spiriting Channeling Apology

Affection Event 2　Sunbathing in the Courtyard

Affection Event 3　Lunch with Serika

Affection Event 4　Search for a Black Cat

Affection Event 5　Feeding the Black Cat

Affection Event 6　Serika's Upbringing

Affection Event 7　Concocting a Love Potion

Recurring Event 1　Tarot Card Reading

Recurring Event 2　Another Fortune Reading

Recurring Event 3　Going Home by Limousine

Recurring Event 4　Finals Preparedness

Recurring Event 5　Light Reading at the Bookstore

Recurring Event 6　An Invitation to the School Club Room

Recurring Event 7　A Special Concoction

Recurring Event 8　Serika Reading in the Courtyard

Recurring Event 9　Just Be Yourself

Recurring Event 10　Join Me in My Limo

Recurring Event 11　Serika's Sister-Ayaka Appears!

Recurring Event 12　Battling the Butler

Recurring Event 13　Chatting in the Courtyard

Recurring Event 14　Summoning Rain Clouds

VS Event　Serika and Multi Ask for Help to Find a 100-Yen Coin

Ending　Serika Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　Helping a Lost Child

Calendar Day Event 2　A Steady Relationship

Calendar Day Event 3　Lemmy's Blood Type Personality Test

Calendar Day Event 4　Lemmy the Teacher is Born?!

Calendar Day Event 5　English Study Session with Lemmy and Shiho

Calendar Day Event 6　Lemmy’s Part-Time Job at a Diner

Affection Event 1　Robina Hood

Affection Event 2　Lunch Together on the Rooftop

Affection Event 3　Manor of Memories

Affection Event 4　Dreaming About Lemmy Returning to the Moon

Affection Event 5　Invitation to the Arcade

Affection Event 6　Invitation to Go Bowling

Affection Event 7　Game Arcade Date

Affection Event 8　Shiho's News Column

Affection Event 9　What Happened 11 Years Ago

Affection Event 10　An Invitation to Lemmy's House

Affection Event 11　Bowling Alley Date

Affection Event 12　Invitation to a Dinner Party

Affection Event 13　A Dinner Party at Lemmy's Place

Affection Event 14　Lemmy's Farewell Party

Recurring Event 1　What Are Your Thoughts on Children?

Recurring Event 2　How Do You Feel About Me?

Recurring Event 3　Finals

Recurring Event 4　Do You Have a Crush?

Recurring Event 5　Lemmy's Proverb Dictionary

Recurring Event 6　Lemmy the Archery Club Member

Recurring Event 7　Somewhere We Want to Go, Together

Recurring Event 8　About Tempura

Recurring Event 9　About Tempura (With Date Plans)

Recurring Event 10　Fish Sink, Geese Falter, the Moon Veils Itself, and Flowers Bow

Recurring Event 11　The Miyauchi Family's Robomaid

Recurring Event 12　Spotting Lemmy in the Hallway

Recurring Event 13　An Invitation from Lemmy to Walk Home Together

Day Off Event　Encountering Lemmy at the Arcade

Ending　Lemmy Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　Aoi's Club Recruitment Drive

Calendar Day Event 2　Sunday Practice

Calendar Day Event 3　The Will to Keep the Club Alive

Calendar Day Event 4　Fight Against Sakashita

Calendar Day Event 5　Dissolution of the Martial Arts Club

Calendar Day Event 6　An Empty School Club

Calendar Day Event 7　After the Fight…

Affection Event 1　Having Lunch Together

Affection Event 2　Aoi's Handmade Bento Lunch

Recurring Event 1　A First-Time Look at the School Club

Recurring Event 2　She's Different

Recurring Event 3　Trialing the After School Club

Recurring Event 4　Aoi's Martial Arts Lesson

Recurring Event 5　Impressed by Aoi's Work Ethic

Recurring Event 6　Taking on Sakashita of the Karate Club

Recurring Event 7　Aoi's Intense Training

Recurring Event 8　Massaging Aoi

Recurring Event 9　Becoming Aoi's Trainer

Recurring Event 10　A Training Regimen Created with Aoi

Recurring Event 11　Odds of Beating Sakashita

Special Event 1　Club's Out

Special Event 2　Cleaning with Aoi

Ending　Aoi Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　A Lonesome New Student

Calendar Day Event 2　Shiho Info (The Psychic Enrollee)

Calendar Day Event 3　Stairwell Prediction

Calendar Day Event 4　Kotone Smiles

Calendar Day Event 5　Sharing an Umbrella with Kotone

Affection Event 1　Evil Spirit Girl Rumors

Affection Event 2　Art Club Recruiter

Affection Event 3　Cafeteria Lunch with Kotone

Affection Event 4　Kotone's Powers Lash Out

Affection Event 5　Supernatural Abilities 101

Affection Event 6　Discussing the Supernatural Ability Book with Akari

Affection Event 7　A Suggestion to Use Supernatural Abilities

Affection Event 8　An Unbeknownst Barrier

Affection Event 9　Rolling a Ping-Pong Ball

Affection Event 10　Moving a Baseball

Affection Event 11　Kotone in the Infirmary

Affection Event 12　Fond Dolphin Memories

Affection Event 13　Witnesses to Supernatural Powers

Affection Event 14　Good Classroom Vibes

Recurring Event 1　About Supernatural Powers

Recurring Event 2　People with Supernatural Powers Stand Out?

Recurring Event 3　About Painting Pictures

Recurring Event 4　Uncontrollable Powers

Recurring Event 5　Spotting a Cat

Recurring Event 6　What Do You Do After School?

Recurring Event 7　Buttered Potato Pie at YacDonald's

Recurring Event 8　Stuck in an Elevator

VS Event　Who to Sit Next to-Kotone or Aoi?

Ending　Kotone Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　A Love Letter in the Shoe Rack

Calendar Day Event 2　A Sudden Confession

Calendar Day Event 3　Ryota Appears at the Station

Calendar Day Event 4　Rio Apologizes for Ryota

Calendar Day Event 5　Finals Study Near the Station with Rio

Calendar Day Event 6　Another Study Session Near the Station

Calendar Day Event 7　Part-Time Job as a Mover

Calendar Day Event 8　Rio's Mascot Job

Calendar Day Event 9　Post-Bath Love Story

Affection Event 1　Book Reminder

Affection Event 2　Rio Naps in the Library

Affection Event 3　Lunch with Rio

Affection Event 4　A 100-Yen Coin Under the Vending Machine

Recurring Event 1　Par-Time Job Handing Out Tissues

Recurring Event 2　Rio Races Down the Stairs

Recurring Event 3　Rio Rushes to Work

Recurring Event 4　Unlucky Rio

Recurring Event 5　Gentaro the Dog

Recurring Event 6　At the Park with Ryota

Recurring Event 7　Part-Time Job as a Sea-Otter Mascot

VS Event 1　Bumping Into Rio on the Way to School with Akari

VS Event 2　Bumping Into Rio While Chatting to Shiho in the Shopping Arcade

Ending　Rio Ending

Calendar Day Event 1　Rescuing a Cat in a Tree

Calendar Day Event 2　Baseball by the River

Calendar Day Event 3　Ayaka's Elbow Jab

Affection Event 1　About Ayaka with Serika

Affection Event 2　Thinking About Ayaka

Affection Event 3　Playing Catch by the River

Affection Event 4　Study Time Using "Hayame no Gyuho"

Recurring Event 1　Battle Against Ayaka 1

Recurring Event 2　Battle Against Ayaka 2

Recurring Event 3　Battle Against Ayaka 3

Recurring Event 4　Battle Against Ayaka 4

Recurring Event 5　Battle Against Ayaka 5

Recurring Event 6　Battle Against Ayaka 6

Recurring Event 7　An Expired Notification

VS Event 1　Serika's Inside Info About Ayaka's Weakness

VS Event 2　Aoi's Left Hook Punch Lesson

VS Event 3　Going to the Library with Akari to Borrow a Book for the Fight

Ending　Ayaka Ending

Recurring Event 1　Masashi's Soccer Club Recruitment Drive

Recurring Event 2　Bumping Into Masashi Headed to a Farewell

Recurring Event 3　Girls Ask Masashi Out to Karaoke

Recurring Event 4　Chatting About Finals

Day Off Event　Going to Buy Hamster Food

Switch Character

Outfits

Facial Expressions

Motions

So then…

It's lunch time.

I just finished my usual sandwich and coffee from the student store, and Masashi and I are chatting.

Yuki.

Akari walks over from the door to the classroom.

Did you two already finish lunch?

Yeah.

Masashi nods.

Oh yeah, Akari, Chiemi wanted me to tell you she's sorry about making you come with her the other day.

Tell her I enjoyed it. I even got to see you play.

What are you two talking about?

Chiemi asked me to go watch Sashi's match with her on Sunday.

Oh…

Chiemi is Masashi's older sister.

She got married and moved out last year, but she's pregnant now, so she moved back in so her mom can help when the baby's born.

She's always treating Masashi like a beloved pet, never letting him out of her sight.

She probably has a lot of time on her hands right now, so I can imagine why she'd go watch him play soccer.

She must have asked Akari to keep her company.

I called to ask if you wanted to come with, but I couldn't get a hold of you.

Well, I'm not always around.

Sashi did great. He scored half the points. All the girls in our class cheered him on, it was crazy.

Wow.

Oh, I got a lot of support from the older players in that match. Soccer's all about teamwork.

You don't have to be so humble, Sashi.

But it's true. Anyway, Akari, did you need something?

Oh, yeah. Yuki.

What?

Um, do you mind if I come over after school?

What for?

I wanted to study for exams with you. Like how we studied for finals last semester, remember?

Isn't it kind of late for that? Exams start tomorrow.

Yeah, so I wanted to do one last check to prepare. We can help each other with any knowledge gaps.

Studying with Akari?

Hmmm…

Let's see…

A. Alright, let's do it.

B. I'll try to study on my own this time.

Alright, let's do it.

I answer.

Okay!

Akari smiles and nods.

Then I'll come right over after school.

Okay.

Just make sure to be home when I get there.

Yeah, yeah.

Do you want to join us, Sashi?

No, I'll pass. I ask my sister if there's something I don't know.

Really? I think it'd help us both if you were around.

Hey, he's got his own life.

Right.

Sorry.

No, that's okay. Don't feel bad. Well, see you after school, Yuki.

With that final reminder, Akari leaves the classroom.

So what's the deal? You know you can come over too.

I feel like I'd be getting in the way of your relationship.

That's a dumb thing to worry about.

I dunno…

Man…

I'll try to study on my own this time.

I answer.

I kinda feel like I'd be holding you back.

That's not true, Yuki. You can do anything if you try. You'd actually be the one teaching me.

You put way too much stock in me. Anyway, sorry, but I want to take things at my own pace this time.

Oh…

Akari looks disappointed.

Okay then. Good luck.

Sorry to turn you down.

It's totally fine. I was just asking. If there's anything you don't understand, feel free to call.

Thanks.

Do you want to study with me, Sashi?

No, I'll pass. I ask my sister if there's something I don't know.

Okay…

Sorry.

Oh, don't worry about it. It's not like you had to say yes.

Akari tries to keep the vibe friendly and upbeat.

See you later, then.

She smiles and leaves the classroom.

You could've just studied with her.

So could you.

I would've felt kind of bad saying yes.

Uh, why?

You're the one she wanted to ask. I was just a second thought.

What are you talking about? Man…

Still, maybe I shouldn't have said no.

It's four o'clock.

Akari still isn't here.

She's pretty late.

What'd she tell me to wait at home for if she's not coming straight here?

Oh well.

I guess I'll start on my own.

Let's see, we have health and physics tomorrow…

Everything I need to know for health can be summed up on a single page, so the problem is physics.

Alright, I'll focus on that―

*ding-dong*

The doorbell rings.

Yuki!

I hear Akari's voice.

She's finally here.

I leave my room and go downstairs.

*tap-tap-tap-tap-tap*

Hey!

Hehe, I'm here!

Akari grins.

Man, took you long enough. Come in.

Okay.

Akari nods and takes off her shoes.

Thanks!

I haven't been in your room in a while.

Is that right?

Not since we studied for last semester's exams, I think.

Yeah, I think so.

Akari squints and looks around the room.

The layout's the same.

This is the optimal layout. Why change it up?

Hmmm…

Well, anyway, let's get started.

What are we starting?

…

…

Be serious.

Hehehe.

I spread out all my study materials on the glass table I brought from the next room.

Akari sits on a cushion.

I can see Akari's bare thighs through the glass.

Have you gained a little weight?

What?! Y-Yeah, a little. Is it noticeable?

Kind of.

Gosh, maybe I need to go on a diet.

It's really not a big deal. You were too thin before, if anything. Now you're just right.

Really?

Yeah.

It's true that she used to be skinnier, but in a way that made her look more like a little kid.

Now she has something of a more feminine, softer look.

Also…

I don't know if I'm imagining it, but her chest looks a little bigger.

What?

N-Nothing.

I clear my throat.

You were just looking at me.

Oh, I was looking at that pen and thinking, 'Your taste is still as childish as ever.'

Oh, this? Isn't it cute though?

No? It's some weird dog.

It's not a dog. It's a bear.

Looks like a dog to me.

You're wrong. It's a bear. Look.

Akari held the pen up to my face.

I'm pretty sure that's a dog.

Rawr, rawr! See? It's a bear.

You dork.

I sigh.

Hehe, well, want to get started?

Akari giggles.

Sure. Uh, so tomorrow we have health first period and physics second.

The health exam is different for boys and girls, so there's not much use studying together for that one.

Hey, I can think of a better way for us to learn all about that stuff.

I deliberately make a perverted old man joke.

Yuki…

Akari smiles awkwardly.

I'm just messing around, dummy. Anyway, let's get started with physics. That's the more important exam to focus on.

Okay.

Then, first off…

Let's start with the first page of the stuff that's going to be on the exam.

And so, we start to study together.

We continue for three hours, periodically taking short breaks.

Well, I should get going!

Okay, get home safe. Although, you live right over there, so I think you'll be fine.

Okay.

After giggling and nodding, Akari looks at me and smiles.

What?

I knew you'd be able to solve the problems faster than me.

Really?

Yeah, for sure. You've always been smart. You just…

I don't try. Is that what you were going to say?

I shrug, and Akari giggles again.

Exactly. I know you can do anything if you try. You used to be better at soccer than Masashi too.

Did I?

Yeah. You taught him a lot.

Only because he's naturally kind of clumsy.

Anyway, I'm sure you'll ace these exams.

I hope so.

I know you will.

…

…

Alright, then I guess I'll try my best.

Okay, good luck!

She smiles and leaves.

I don't know why Akari has such a high opinion of me.

…

Well, I should at least try to meet her expectations. I'll do some more cramming.

I go home with an item from the YacDonald's value menu and eat it for lunch.

Then, around two o'clock…

Akari should be getting here soon.

*ding-dong*

Oh!

Hello!

I study with Akari again.

Tomorrow is the Math exam, and I'm not the best at math.

Akari and I share textbooks and copies of friends' notebooks as we review the test material.

She goes home around six.

I go home and eat whatever is available for lunch. It's one o'clock.

Akari is supposed to arrive soon.

*ding-dong*

Oh, there she is.

Yuki!

Akari comes over once again.

This is the third day of us studying together.

Monday's exams are English grammar and Chemistry.

We just focus on grammar for the day and leave Chemistry for Sunday.

Okay, so use the words in the brackets to form a sentence.

The words are all mixed up, and you have to put them in the right order.

(a/she/her/is/everyone/kind/loves/girl/that/such).

Do you know the answer, Yuki?

I'm guessing 'She is such a kind girl' is the first part. I don't know what goes after that though.

Probably 'that everyone loves her.'

I see.

This is the tricky part…

Akari promises to come study again on Sunday afternoon and leaves at around six that night.

It's two o'clock.

Akari should be arriving soon.

*ding-dong*

Oh!

I'm here, Yuki!

That's Akari's voice for sure.

Come in!

I reply loudly.

Okay.

She answers

I hear her walk up the stairs.

Hello!

Akari smiles and enters my room.

I have a present for you!

What is it?

A cake from the cake shop by the station.

Oh, how thoughtful. I love their stuff.

Yeah, I remember you mentioning that. We can have it as a snack at three.

Sounds good. Want to get started?

Okay.

This is the fourth day of us studying together.

Monday's exams are English grammar and Chemistry.

We cover grammar on Saturday, so today would be all Chemistry.

Um, the exam starts with…

Page 180 of the textbook, and it covers up to page 235.

Good thing there's only so much material they can fit in a semester.

Okay, Yuki. Here's a question from the back of the book. In addition polymerization, what type of reaction forms monomers into polymers?

Uh…

It's when double or triple bonds open up and new bonds are created with other atoms.

An addition reaction?

Ding, ding, ding, you got it! Next question. What causes the hydrogen atoms in hydrocarbons to…

We eat Akari's cake at three and continue to study until six.

I run into Akari in the hall.

Hey.

How'd your exam go?

I think I did alright. What about you?

The same, I think?

Akari says, as her lips quirk into a slightly awkward smile.

Do you have cleaning duty today?

Nope.

Me neither. Do you want to walk home with me?

Akari grins.

What should I do?

A. Let's do it.

B. I'll go back on my own.

Let's do it.

I answer.

Okay.

Akari nods.

Between this weather and finals, I really need a break.

What do the weather and the exams have to do with each other?

Trying to focus in this warm weather is exhausting.

Well, maybe that's true.

Someone opened a window during the exam and we had a breeze in there too.

Did it make you sleepy?

Yep.

You're not one to focus on one thing for long.

Yeah, I'm too spontaneous for that.

We arrive at the shopping arcade.

The park is right past it, and my house past that.

Wait.

What?

I'm buying lunch.

Akari waits while I buy myself a piping-hot bento.

That's what you're having for lunch today?

Yeah.

Don't you get tired of eating stuff like that every day?

I do, which is why I switch it up sometimes. Just eating what I like most gets boring.

Huh, sounds like it's tough to be you.

Yeah, I've got it rough. You should help me out more.

Okay, got it.

The truth is that she's already doing plenty to help me.

See you later, Yuki.

Yeah, later.

Good luck on the exam.

You too.

Akari waves and walks off.

Yuki, I'll head right over when I'm done eating.

Got it.

See you later.

Yeah, later.

Akari waves and goes home.

Oh, I'm going to walk home by myself today.

Really?

Akari looks a little disappointed.

See you later, Yuki.

Yeah, later.

Good luck on the exam.

You too.

Akari waves and walks off.

Yuki, I'll head right over when I'm done eating.

Got it.

See you later.

Yeah, later.

Akari waves and walks off.

I go home and eat a bento I bought on the way back for dinner.

Then, around two…

*ding-dong*

*clack*

Hello, Yuki.

I study with Akari again.

Tomorrow's exams were English and Social Studies.

Both subjects are all about memorization.

First, we cover English by simply reviewing vocabulary, then we memorize Akari's notes for Social Studies.

I appreciate that Akari makes copies of her notes for me.

She goes home around six, as usual.

I go home and eat a bento I bought at the convenience store.

Then, around two o'clock…

Akari is supposed to arrive soon.

*ding-dong*

Oh, there she is.

*clack*

Yuki, I'm here!

Got it, come on in.

Okay, thanks!

Akari removes her shoes and enters the house.

Just one more day left.

It's just the Japanese exam in front of us now.

Yeah. Aren't you good at Japanese?

I'm not great, but I guess I'm not bad. I can wing it to an extent.

Then let's just focus on translating ancient Japanese and writing kanji. I took enough notes to be able to guess what's gonna be on the test.

Gotcha.

Alright, here's a copy of my notes. The handwriting's pretty rough. I hope you don't mind.

I think you have pretty handwriting.

Really?

Yeah.

I nod. Akari shyly smiles.

Then let's start with writing kanji.

…

I reach out without realizing it and lightly stroke Akari's hair.

…

Once again, my hand reaches out like it has a mind of its own.

…

Um, Yuki…

What?

Why do you keep touching my braids?

Oh, uh, just because.

I've been unconsciously touching Akari's braids while reading over my notes.

Once again, my hand reaches out on its own.

…

I do it again.

…

And again.

Um, you're making it hard to focus.

Oh, sorry.

I pull my hand away from Akari's hair.

*sigh*

…

…

Do you want to touch my hair?

But won't it distract you?

You can touch it a little bit.

Got it.

And so, I go for it and stroke her braids a little more.

Hey, so…

What is it?

You've worn your hair like that for a while, right?

What? Oh, yeah. Since middle school, I think.

Don't you think it's about time to change it up?

What do you think, Yuki?

Well, I think it's good to change your look every once in a while.

Then what do you think would be a good hairstyle for me?

Let's see…

…

…

…

Never mind. Maybe you're fine as you are.

What the heck?

I mean, this plain hairstyle kind of suits you.

Oh, is it plain?

It's definitely plain. That doesn't mean bolder would be better though.

Are you sure?

We keep on chatting as we study.

We finish and Akari leaves around six, as always.

Tomorrow's the last exam. Let's do our best!

Yeah.

See you later.

Akari grins and goes home.

April 7th.

It's the last day of spring break.

I invite Akari to go check out the cherry blossoms with me that night.

Cherry blossoms fill my field of vision.

A multitude of lights glow brightly, bringing the striking pink to life against the dark blue backdrop of the night.

The cherry blossoms came a little early this year.

They're in full bloom.

Akari and I walk through a pink tunnel lit by pale light.

The wind sends petals falling like snow in a blizzard.

Wow…

Akari holds down her hair from being messed up by the wind and opens her eyes wide.

After struggling to find the right words to describe what she's feeling, she eventually just says…

So beautiful…

And she left it at that.

Pretty nice, huh?

Yeah.

She squints and gazes up at the dancing petals.

I watch her, feeling glad that we came to see the cherry blossoms on our own.

We originally planned to have our typical cheerful cherry blossom viewing with the usual crowd, Masashi and Shiho.

However, they both called me to cancel at the last second.

I considered canceling the whole thing, but Akari had already taken the time to make bentos for us, so the two of us decided to go on our own.

It was nice to be away from the noise this time. It was kind of chill.

I'm glad we came.

Akari whispers.

…

What's going on?

As I watch Akari, I feel a warmth spread in my chest.

Cherry blossoms fill my field of vision.

The petals dancing in the wind…

Akari holding her hair down and squinting…

Moving slowly, I took a step closer to Akari.

Then I reached out to touch her hair.

Yuki?

The sound of her calling my name snaps me back to reality.

What am I doing?

What is it?

She asks with a soft smile.

Oh, you just had a petal in your hair.

What?

Akari uses her palm to brush the petal from her hair.

Did I get it?

Hm? Y-Yeah.

Oh, there's one in your hair too. I'll get it.

Akari puts a hand on my shoulder and stands on her tiptoes.

She strokes my hair to brush the cherry blossom petal away.

Akari's face is right in front of mine.

…

Unsure of where to look, I end up lowering my gaze to stare at my feet.

There, got it.

R-Right, thanks.

I look away.

What's wrong?

What do you mean?

You're acting kinda jumpy.

I think you're imagining things.

I clear my throat.

Later, we take a walk around the park before we sit on a bench and eat Akari's handmade bentos.

When we finish eating, Akari unexpectedly stands up from the bench and dances in the falling petals.

And then…

Let's come again next year.

She smiles.

I sip some hot tea from my cup.

Sure.

I nod.

Akari stands with her hands clasped behind her back, gazing at the cherry blossoms.

Her hair is just a little bit different, but she somehow seems different from the Akari I knew until now.

Your hair looks good.

I murmur.

What?

Akari looks at me.

I didn't hear you, Yuki.

I sip my tea.

What'd you say?

*slurrrp*

Hello?

*slurrrrrp*

Hello?!

Ugh, quiet down.

I said this tea is good.

*slurrrrrp*

Yeowch!

I suck down a bunch of hot tea and almost burn my tongue.

It's third period.

The juniors are gathered in the AV room to receive instructions for the school trip.

The teacher passes out itineraries, describes the schedule, and tells us about a bunch of rules.

This year's trip is to Hokkaido.

A vast land brimming with nature.

Just getting out of the city and being able to enjoy wide open spaces is enough to make the trip feel worth it.

The teacher makes one or two punny jokes about Hokkaido, but the assembly is otherwise uneventful.

I sit and flip through the itinerary as Akari approaches with a happy look on her face.

Yuki.

Hey, what's up? You look like you're in a good mood.

Hehehe, looking forward to the school trip?

Sure. It's the best part of high school.

You always did want to go to Hokkaido.

Yeah, I finally get to see the land to the north myself.

Yep.

Oh, hey, check out this page in the itinerary.

What's it say?

Akari and I have a good time reading through the itinerary together.

I search any and every place that comes to mind until sunset.

The sky is red.

The distant memories of our youth…

I look for Akari in places I remember going to with her.

*huff, huff, huff*

I put my hands on my knees and take several deep breaths.

I reach the park at twilight.

There are no longer any kids playing in the park.

*huff, huff, huff*

I look around.

And then…

I see someone sitting on a bench in front of me.

That…

It has to be her.

The person I see is…

Akari…

Yuki…

Akari stands up from the bench.

*huff, huff* A-Akari, I…

Yuki, I found you!

A-Akari?

Oh, I had a feeling you'd come. I've been waiting here for a while.

Akari…

And this whole time, I've been thinking.

About what?

I've been trying to figure out when it was that I fell in love with you.

…

Now that I think about it, I was scared of you when I was little.

You were?

Yeah, you picked on me and made me cry all the time.

D-Did I do that?

I play dumb.

But one day I stopped being scared. I saw the kindness in you.

The kindness?

Do you remember when we played hide and seek here when we were little?

You mean the time we ditched you?

Yep.

Heh, heheh. S-Sorry. That was actually my idea.

I had a feeling it was.

Akari grins.

Everybody left, but you were the only one who cared enough to come back and check on me.

Well, it was my fault. I did feel at least a little bad, in some childish way.

But I was glad. I was glad that you came, for one, but I was also happy to find the kindness in someone I always found scary.

…

I was never as scared of you again.

You could be cold and harsh, but I knew you were actually nice.

…

Then we started to spend more time together.

I learned to ride a bike, to do a backflip on the jungle gym, and to swim all because you taught me.

I did?

Okay.

Akari smiles and nods.

As we kept spending time together, I got to get to know you better and grew to love you even more.

Akari…

And then…

Yuki…

Akari softly smiles.

…!

Her soft lips barely, but undeniably, touch mine.

It's a sweet kiss.

I feel Akari's affection through her soft lips.

I wrap my arms around her.

The setting sun lit the park.

The hands and lips of our shadows come together as they grow long in the remaining light.

…

Akari…

Yuki, remember what you said a couple of days ago?

Hm?

About me being too passive?

R-Right.

So today I wanted to try being more proactive.

…

You were right. It's not fair that I always made you responsible for things.

Akari…

I'll try to make my feelings a little more clear. I'll tell you when I want something.

Akari says, smiling at me.

I love you, and I love that I love you. I love us!

She says it loud and clear.

And there are many kinds of love. Love changes over time, and I want to experience all forms of it. So, I don't want our relationship staying the same forever.

Akari…

Maybe that's a little much to ask, but it's what I want.

Akari.

I hug her.

Y-Yuki?

She looks a little surprised.

I speak bluntly into her ear.

Sorry.

What?

Sorry about how I've been acting.

…

Hearing you say that just now made me realize, I really do love you.

What?!

Akari looks up at me with wide eyes.

I shyly turn away.

I think that's the first time I've said it so directly.

Y-Yuki.

Akari grips my shirt tight.

I take her hands and look straight into her eyes.

I could've told you whenever, but I made you wait. Sorry.

Oh, Yuki, Y-Yuki…

Akari hugs me tight.

I wrap my arms around her shoulders, hugging her back.

I'll do everything I can to give you what you want. So, uh, can you keep putting up with me?

Okay.

Akari has tears in her eyes.

Her hair smells nice.

She's a childhood friend. She's like a sister. She knows everything about me…

All of it together makes Akari the girl I care for most.

I feel that deeply.

The school trip ends without issue and we return to school.

After school that day…

Most students have gone home, but a few remain in our classroom to talk about the school trip.

I'm one of them.

The sunlight through the window was growing dim, making it time to finally leave.

After the others leave, I wander up to the roof.

I just want to see the beautiful sunset.

I'm also a bit tired from talking and want to get some fresh air.

I look down over the guard rail.

Members of the sports teams are working up a sweat in the school yard. The students leaving through the school gate cast long shadows.

There's still a while to go before the school closes for the night.

I lean against the railing and look up at the sky.

The sunset creates a beautiful ombre in the sky.

The sky to the west burns bright.

The burning red spreads, eventually dissolving into the blue of night.

*sigh…*

Golden Week, the school trip…

After a series of fun events, we'll be returning to our regular lives.

And in another two weeks, I have to deal with midterms again.

Ugh, what a pain.

Why do students have to take so many tests? Do we never get a chance to chill out?

I wish I could go back to the start of Golden Week.

I guess everyone feels that way after a nice break.

Anyway, the school trip was fun.

I got a lot of nice memories out of that.

It was a highlight of the high school experience for sure.

Akari and I did a lot together over the course of that five-day trip.

We were clearly closer than before, and Masashi and Shiho seemed to notice.

Well, that's fine.

It's not like we're trying to hide that we're dating.

Akari and I…

It was a long time coming, but we were finally honest with each other.

I met a lot of people and had a lot of experiences this spring.

Throughout it all, I realized my true feelings about Akari.

She's more important to me than anyone.

Yuki.

Someone suddenly calls my name from behind.

I turn around and see Akari.

Hey.

I saw your shoes and figured you were still around. What are you doing?

Nothing much. Just watching the sunset.

Yeah?

Akari squints and stares at the setting sun.

Mind if I join you?

Akari asks with some reservation.

Of course you can.

I nod and beckon her over, then put a hand on her shoulder and pull her close.

The school trip was fun.

Yeah, Hokkaido's pretty nice.

Yep.

The food's great and the air's clean. Compared to this mess of a place, it's like another world.

Hehehe.

Oh, hey, so did you ever print out the photos you took?

Yeah, I asked my mom to do it yesterday. They should be done by now.

Alright, how about we go look at them?

Okay.

Akari nods.

I wonder how the shots turned out.

Yuki, the latter half of them were all you messing around.

I also got pictures of you when you fell asleep on the bus.

What? When was that?

You were out cold. You were even drooling..

What?! R-Really?!

Hahaha, just messing with you.

Geez…

But you were cute when you were sleeping.

Yuki…

We bask in the red of the sunset as we lean against each other and look down at the town.

Let's make a photo album together. I hope we can keep adding to it forever.

Akari whispers, an affectionate look filling her eyes, as she rests her head on my chest.

Man, you're always saying the most embarrassing things.

Ehehehe.

Akari bashfully laughs.

I blush and smile before wrapping an arm around her shoulder.

Akari grabs my hand.

Well, we can take more photos, little by little. It'll be summer soon. Let's go to lots of places together once summer break starts.

Akari looks glad.

Okay!

She nods firmly.

Akari's silky hair sways softly in the gentle breeze.

Hey, Yuki.

What is it?

Let's go to the beach.

Oh, sounds good. Let's do it.

And to a festival too.

Sure.

And we can watch fireworks.

Sounds good.

Let's always be together, okay?

In response to Akari…

Yeah.

I give her a strong nod.

Akari and I…

Our relationship had blurred lines for over a decade at this point.

We were like siblings but not. We were more than childhood friends but not a couple.

That was our relationship for a long time.

We were within each other's reach, but we saw a line we never wanted to cross.

But now it's different.

We can reach out for each other, embrace, and kiss.

We can be honest and express our love.

Our relationship has finally changed.

Akari is now the most important person in the world to me. She's irreplaceable.

Her eyes are as kind as ever.

Her feelings are genuine and sincere.

I love Akari from the bottom of my heart.

We snuggle together and keep watching the town as the sun sets.

It's the town we were born in.

It's the place we were raised in.

And it's the place where we found love.

We'll make a lot more memories together in this town from now on.

We have all the time in the world…

A few moments later…

Yuki.

Akari whispers.

Hm?

What are you thinking about?

She asks, looking fondly at me.

Probably the same thing as you.

I smile.

What?

I want to kiss you.

Akari grins.

Yeah, same here.

She nods.

Her soft smile is more precious than any jewel.

We slowly close our eyes.

I put a hand on her cheek and bring my face close to hers.

Then I softly press my lips to hers.

We've finally moved beyond our ambiguous relationship as childhood friends.

That long season has passed, and a new season has arrived.

A new chapter as boyfriend and girlfriend…

A breeze sweeps across the rooftop, bringing with it the chill of night.

I hug Akari and stroke her hair.

Yuki…

Akari's sweet whisper makes me smile.

That reminds me, my hair's getting pretty long.

Maybe this is a good time for a trim.

After my haircut…

I leave the barber shop and check out my reflection in the window.

Hmmm…

I ask them not to cut off too much, but this barely looks any different.

Maybe I should've gotten it cut short.

Oh, Yuki.

Akari happens to walk by.

Hey.

Oh, did you get a haircut?

You can tell?

Yeah, I see your hair every day.

Yeah, I guess you do.

Hehe, it looks good.

Really?

Really.

I feel like it looks exactly the same.

That's not true. It gives you a pretty different vibe.

You think so?

It's easier to notice from the back and the sides.

Akari stares.

Quit staring.

Why?

What do you mean, why?

Hehe, what's the issue?

…

I get kind of annoyed.

I walk behind Akari and stare at her instead.

I focus intently on the back of her head.

Hm?

I keep my eyes locked on her.

Yuki?

I'm still staring.

…

See? You don't like being stared at either, do you?

I-I guess not.

Then don't do things people don't like.

Aww, now he's mad at me.

Who are you talking to?

*yaaaaawn*

Ten minutes after my alarm clock goes off, I stretch and get out of bed.

Now let's try to live another day to the fullest.

I'm leaving!

I inform the empty house that I'm leaving, then head out and lock the door.

Good morning!

Akari runs up from behind and stops next to me.

Her smile is dazzling in the morning sunlight.

Hey, Akari. You're still rocking those cute droopy eyes, I see.

…

A somewhat troubled look appears on Akari's face, and she gives me an awkward smile.

The park's greenery is more vivid than usual.

Probably because it rained last night.

The air seems a bit more crisp too.

It feels nice.

Hey, Yuki.

When we reach the middle of the park, Akari suddenly speaks up.

Are you having a sandwich for lunch again today?

Yeah, why?

I nod.

Sandwiches are my lunch every day as of late.

I don't have time to make a bento, and I'm tired of all the school lunches, so Masashi and I buy them from the student store.

You can get a pork cutlet sandwich, sausage roll, and cafe au lait for 320 yen, so that's been my standard lunch recently.

Sometimes I get a tuna sandwich instead of a pork cutlet sandwich or fruit juice instead of cafe au lait so I don't get bored.

Is that a problem?

Don't you get tired of eating that every day?

Kind of, but I'm more tired of the school lunches.

I made a bento today.

What? For me?

Yep.

Akari nods.

Huh, thanks, that's very thoughtful. But why?

I've been researching different ways to make bento and I wanted you to try one so I could get your opinion.

So you're practicing on me? Well, I'm just glad to get to eat for free.

I tried to pick stuff you like.

Sounds good.

Let's eat lunch together.

Sure, okay.

Akari giggles

Nice, free lunch.

The living expenses I get from my parents are barely enough to survive on, so saving on lunch gives me more to spend freely.

Lucky me.

Then let's meet up at lunch time.

Akari says, reminding me as we part ways in the hall.

Then let's meet up at lunch time.

Akari says, reminding me in the classroom.

As a growing high school boy, fourth period is brutal as I wait for lunch right after.

The battle with hunger begins.

I did as Akari asked and started eating breakfast every morning, but that somehow made me feel even hungrier than before.

I pray that my stomach won't rumble.

This is one problem that hard work and guts can't solve.

It'd be awful if it growls while the class is silent.

I'd be a laughingstock.

Aaah, I'm starving!

Twenty minutes left?

I just want to eat with Akari already!

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

Fourth period ends, and it's finally lunch time.

Normally I'd be in a mad dash to get a sandwich, but not today.

I sit and rest my head on my desk as I await Akari's lunch delivery.

Hurry up and get over here!

Just then, Akari enters from the hall with a gym bag.

Yuki.

Alright, there you are. I've been waiting, Akari. Feed me!

Okay, but do you want to eat somewhere else?

Like where?

Normally I'd be in a mad dash to get a sandwich, but not today.

I await Akari's handmade lunch.

What's she doing? Hurry up.

Just then, Akari approaches my desk.

Yuki.

Alright, there you are. I've been waiting, Akari. Feed me!

Okay, but do you want to eat somewhere else?

Like where?

The weather's nice today. Why not the roof?

The roof?

Well, sure.

Maybe eating together in the classroom felt too cliche.

Alright, then let's head up there.

Sure.

Akari and I go up to the roof.

The school roof is surrounded by a fence, and students are allowed up here freely.

So a lot of students eat here for lunch.

We are among them.

What nice weather!

I guess.

Want to eat over there?

Sounds good.

We sit on a bench next to the fence.

Thanks to being on top of a hill, the view from the school roof is magnificent.

Beyond the fence, we can see the town we were born and raised in.

It's this high school's best feather.

The air's clear today. You can see pretty far.

Akari said.

She takes out two bags and a bottle of tea.

Here's yours, Yuki.

Hey, thanks.

I accept one of the bags and take out the bento box inside.

It has a cute illustration of a bear on top.

Mine is about one and a half times the size of Akari's.

You sure do like bears.

What? Yeah, aren't they cute?

Well, this drawing is. Actual bears are smelly and violent. Not especially cute.

Maybe that's true for real bears.

Akari looks slightly annoyed.

Well, whatever. Let's eat.

I open the box.

Wow!

I see. It really does have all my favorite foods.

And my favorites change a lot, but it's based on the latest data.

You really do know me well.

Yeah. You tell me lots of your favorite foods when we walk to school in the morning and stuff.

And you remember them?

Yep.

Akari smiles and nods.

Akari, you…

What is it?

Why do you always remember the most pointless things? You don't even do that well on tests.

Oh, I'm not sure.

Akari cocks her head, like she's wondering about the same thing herself.

Well, I'm gonna dig in. I've been dying of hunger.

I pick up the chopsticks and pull them apart.

Okay, go for it.

Don't mind if I do!

*munch, munch*

*munch, munch, munch*

It's delicious, of course.

I don't say so, but the speed of my chopsticks and my mouth do the talking for me.

That's enough for Akari to understand. She contentedly starts to eat as well.

Akari's cooking is honestly delicious.

Her mother taught cooking for a living, so she has the technical skills from that, but I think her greatest strength is being able to guess people's favorite foods.

She mentioned that she learns from my past reactions and factors them in the next time she cooks too, if I remember right.

*munch, munch, munch*

Don't eat so fast. You'll choke.

Akari pours a warm cup of tea and hands it to me.

I was getting pretty close to choking, so I take it and guzzle it all down.

Aaaaaaaah!

Come on, you need to eat slower.

Akari giggles.

*munch, munch*

*munch, munch*

*munch, munch, munch*

And lastly, *slurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp*

I finish everything before Akari has eaten even half of her food.

Delicious

I inform Akari.

I'm glad you liked it.

She smiles back.

Whew…

My stomach's finally calm.

What a satisfying meal.

I leaned back against the bench and stretched my arms out wide.

Akari watched me laze about and chuckled.

It was the second period break.

This morning's exhausting PE class was over, and I was on my way back to the classroom.

Oh, Hiro!

I turned to see who was calling me. Shiho ran over from the bridge corridor.

Alright, perfect timing!

Why are you still wearing that? Get changed.

That's not important. There's trouble!

Trouble? Let me guess, more pointless gossip?

I joked.

No, stupid! There's real trouble!

She looked uncharacteristically serious.

What? Did something happen?

Akari, she…

Something happened to Akari?

She's been seriously injured!

Injured?

Shiho nodded emphatically.

She might've broken a bone! She might never walk again.

Wh-What are you talking about?

Ugh, you've always been slow, but I didn't know it was this bad.

Hey, what the hell happened? I need more details.

I ask, leaning forward to hear more.

Akari was hurt?!

What could've happened?!

So we were shot-putting in PE today, and…

Did she get hit with one?!

No, not that.

She quickly responded.

It wasn't that.

Then what?

Well, our team happened to be on cleanup duty today. So we were cleaning up the shots and…

She dropped one on her foot?!

No, not that.

…

We cleaned everything up just fine.

Then what happened? Get on with it.

What's your problem? You said you wanted more details.

Give me a summary!

So, after that…

Just then…

Oh, Yuki.

I turn and see Akari holding onto another girl's shoulder as one leg drags behind her.

Hey, Akari. I heard you got hurt…

Oh, i-it's nothing serious. I just tripped over a hurdle and twisted my ankle.

But Shiho said you broke a bone.

I said she could've, not that she did. There was no guarantee.

Seriously?

Yuki, were you worried about me?

Well, this idiot here was going on about how you might never be able to walk again.

Who are you calling an idiot?

You.

I don't mince words.

So are you going to the infirmary?

Yeah, I told them I was fine, but…

Akari, even if it's just a little sprain, you still need to put ice on it.

The friend helping Akari speaks up.

I know, but you need to get changed soon or you'll be late for the next class.

I told you that doesn't matter.

Then what if I took you?

What?

My suggestion surprises Akari.

I can get you there pretty easily.

But…

Good idea. That's actually what I was getting him for. He's not good for much else.

Stop talking already.

Hey!

Whatever, I'll do it. The infirmary's still a good ways away. Here, hold on.

Okay then.

Akari nods and uses one leg to hobble over and grab my shoulder.

Well, we're depending on you.

I've got this.

Later!

Shiho pushes the other student from behind and hurries back where they came from.

That leaves just me and Akari.

…

…

I look around.

Alright, nobody's here.

What?

Here we go!

Oh…

Without warning, I lift Akari in both arms.

Y-Yuki?!

Nobody's watching and this'll be quicker.

…

But it'd be pretty embarrassing if anyone saw. I'll try using empty hallways.

O-Okay.

Careful not to run into other students, I walk off with Akari.

So you tripped over a hurdle?

Yeah.

Man, you've always been clumsy.

Have I?

What? You didn't realize that?

Oh, w-well, a little bit, I guess.

Haha.

…

…

…

…

I walk down the hall to the infirmary.

Akari, perhaps feeling self-conscious, turns her slightly flushed face inward.

When we're almost at the infirmary, Akari, who had been silent for a while, whispers softly.

Hey, Yuki.

Yeah?

Am I too heavy for you to carry?

Nah.

But I'm heavier now than I used to be.

Yeah, so?

Are your arms tired?

No, 'course not.

…

You're light.

You liar.

Akari covers her face with her hands.

It's the third period break.

Yuki.

I encounter Akari in the hall.

Hey, how's your leg?

Oh, it's just fine now. Thanks, Yuki.

That's good.

I look away and clear my throat.

Man, try watching where you're going next time. You're a klutz so you've got to be more careful.

Yeah, okay, I'll be careful.

Well, at least you weren't hurt too bad.

I'm about to head off when…

Oh, wait, Yuki.

Akari stops me.

What?

Um…

Yeah?

Well…

Spit it out already.

You made me happy just now.

…

…

Why does it make you happy to have me worry about you?

I dunno.

Akari shrugs, but she's still smiling.

Man…

I turn away and leave.

It's the second period break.

I'm thirsty, so I buy a cafe au lait from the vending machine. I'm drinking it when…

Yuki.

Akari says something to me.

Did you get a drink?

Yeah, I think you can see that.

Oh, cafe au lait again?

Why not? I like it.

…

What? Do you want me to buy you one too?

N-No, but…

Just then…

Oh!

It's Kurusugawa.

Kurusugawa passes by us looking as spacey as ever.

Her wavy black hair sways in the wind.

I wave to her and grin.

…

I don't know if she notices. Her face remains blank and she continues on without responding.

It looks like she's heading to the courtyard.

Maybe she's going to sunbathe.

She sure is pretty.

Akari watches her go and whispers.

Huh, even girls think she's pretty?

Yeah, of course. I'd love to have such shiny hair.

I see. Sure, she's pretty.

So you think so too?

Obviously. Guys are more into long hair than girls are.

Huh, really?

I mean, some guys like short hair, but I'm sure even those guys can appreciate some long, pretty hair.

Hmm…

Akari plays with her pigtails and awkwardly nods.

After a moment's silence, Akari asks me something.

Hey, Yuki, do you like straight hair?

Hey.

What about curly hair?

I like it.

You like long hair?

Yeah.

And short hair?

Love it.

Geez, is there any hairstyle you don't like?

If it's cute and looks good on the girl, I guess I don't really care.

That doesn't tell me anything!

*beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep*

*click*

I wake up right as my alarm clock goes off.

I get out of bed.

Then, I take a minute to stretch.

I'm feeling strangely refreshed today.

Maybe the invigorating blue sky out the window has something to do with it.

I eat a simple breakfast of toast and coffee, then turn off the TV and leave the living room.

I'm heading out!

I inform the empty house I'm leaving, then walk out and lock the door.

It's the usual time.

It's the usual place.

And as usual, Akari approaches from behind me with her usual cheery smile.

Good morning, Yuki.

A-Akari?!

When I look at Akari, I'm at a loss for words.

Her hair…

You…

Hehehe, how does it look?

Smiling bashfully, Akari seems a little embarrassed.

Did you change your hairstyle?

It's clear to see, but I ask anyway.

Yeah, I got up a little early and did something different.

Not used to having hair over her cheeks, Akari keeps touching it.

A headband with a bow.

Her hair falls straight to the sides.

The change of hairstyle alone makes her seem like a different person.

I almost ask if it's actually her.

Is it kinda weird?

Akari sees my confusion and asks nervously.

I-I wouldn't say that.

I look away and answer vaguely.

I'm a bit perturbed.

Do you think the ribbon is too much?

I-I dunno, I think it's fine.

Would a different hairstyle have been better?

Maybe. I don't know.

…

…

Hey, Yuki.

Yeah?

If it doesn't look good, I want you to be honest with me.

I-I don't think it looks bad.

Really?

Yeah.

I clear my throat.

…

…

We walk together in silence for a while.

Something feels strange.

I don't know what.

Why do I feel so nervous around Akari?

The new hair does make her look a lot more mature.

It doesn't look bad.

I think it's great, personally.

But what's wrong with me?

Why can't I just compliment her?

Akari seems different now.

This wasn't the clumsy pushover I'm familiar with. I'm walking with a girl I don't know.

Maybe that's the source of my discomfort.

Akari seems to sense my unease and whispers to me.

Was it better before?

She asks.

N-Not really.

I stammer.

Should I change it back?

Akari peers up at me with a reserved smile.

…

She does it just like the Akari I used to know.

Never mind, she's still Akari.

Once I reaffirm that obvious fact, whatever tension I felt fades away with surprising ease.

Then, Akari's new hairstyle seems less discomforting and more refreshing.

No, you look better this way.

Now that I've calmed down I can speak more naturally.

Really?

Yeah, looks great. It's just so different that I was kind of shocked.

What? Really?!

Yeah, really.

It's not weird at all?

Not at all.

You don't think I should ditch the ribbon?

No, it's cute.

Would another hairstyle be better?

This one's good.

Really?

Yeah.

Akari's a master of seeing through my lies.

So she must know I'm telling the truth.

Good!

Akari smiles.

Then I'll stick with this hairstyle for a while.

…

Akari's smile is brighter than usual.

A-Akari?! What happened to your hair?

Shiho runs into us in the hall outside the classroom, looks at Akari's hair, and reacts with exaggerated shock.

You changed it up?

Yeah, just a little.

Why? Those pigtails were like your trademark!

I was just feeling a bit different.

Akari grins.

It's the second period break.

I have a visit from an unexpected guest.

Hey, Fujita.

He's a classmate named Yajima, a tall boy on the school basketball team.

Uh, hey.

I lift my sleepy head and reply.

Can I ask you something?

Yeah, what?

It's about Kamigishi.

Yajima scratches his nose and bashfully smiles.

Kamigishi… He's obviously talking about Akari.

So you live in her neighborhood, right?

Yeah.

I answer nonchalantly.

Is it true that you've been friends since you were kids?

Yeah. So?

So are you two, uh, dating?

What?

That finally wakes me up.

Am I dating Akari?

Yeah.

Yajima nods.

Haha, not really.

I laugh.

This isn't the first time someone had made this mistake.

But y'know, I saw that she made a bento for you the other day.

A bento?

Oh, right.

What, you saw that?

I mean, Nagaoka told me.

Nagaoka? So, Shiho.

She's been best friends with Kamigishi since middle school, right?

Best friends, huh?

I snort.

Well, she probably would say that.

But why the hell does he keep asking about Akari?

Hey, wait a second…

Yajima, do you happen to have a thing for Akari?

I ask directly.

Y-You could say that.

Yajima smiles shyly.

Ack, seriously?!

I always thought she was nice, but since she changed her hair, well… She's been getting more popular with everyone, really.

Popular?

Akari is?

Now that he mentions it, I've seen more guys talk to her lately.

I see, so she's popular?

A plain girl like Akari…

Huh, that's a surprise.

But unlike these new fans, I've been into her for a while. I figured I should try to get ahead of the competition.

So you're gonna ask her out?

Right.

Wh-What?!

But I wanted to make sure I asked you first.

Ask what?

Well, I was almost certain you two were going out. I mean, I asked Sato and he said it seemed that way.

…

Masashi, what are you telling people?

Now if you two had been dating for a while, I wouldn't want to get in the way of that.

It's not really like that.

I deny it again. Yajima looks relieved.

I see.

He grins.

Then I'm gonna go for it.

He pounds his fist against his palm.

…

By the way…

Yajima brings his face closer.

Fujita, could you help me get in good with her?

He wants me to help him.

I say…

A. Hey, leave me out of it.

B. Well, sure.

Hey, leave me out of it. That's not something I'd be good at. Figure something else out.

I stand up from my seat.

W-Wait a second.

Yajima grabs my shoulder.

I'm begging you here. If you put in a good word for me, I'm sure it would help.

So what? You think you can use me to get with her?

You don't have to make it sound so bad.

An uneasy smile comes to his face.

I'm not trying to bug you. It's just, y'know, I think Kamigishi's gonna be nervous with a guy she doesn't know that well.

Then ask Masashi or Shiho instead. They're as close with her as I am.

I already tried asking Sato. He said no because he thought you'd be mad.

Why would I be mad?

Well, sure.

I'm not that enthusiastic, but I reluctantly agree. Yajima claps his hands together.

Thanks, I owe you one!

He bows to me.

I'm sure Kamigishi would be nervous with a guy she doesn't know that well.

Maybe.

I don't like that he's using me, but I don't have much reason to refuse.

But you might be better off asking Masashi or Shiho. They're friends with Akari too.

I already tried asking Sato. He said no because he thought you'd be mad.

Why would I be mad?

Dunno, but that's what he said. And if I asked Nagaoka, you know she'd tell the whole school about it.

Well, he's right about that.

So it had to be me?

I asked.

Right.

Yajima grins.

Man, what a pain.

I give him a frustrated look.

Hey, if you just make an opportunity for me, I'll push her the rest of the way.

Yajima nods with confidence.

Ugh…

You'll push her, huh?

Akari's a pushover.

She finds it difficult to refuse when someone forcefully asks her to do something, no matter who it is.

She probably won't be able to reject Yajima either.

Then could you put in a good word for me during the next break?

The next break?

Yeah, just set things up!

Yajima smiles.

Hey, don't you think you're moving a little fast?

No, time is of the essence. Like I said, I have a lot of rivals. I have to be quick.

I see.

I'm counting on you. I'll treat you to something if it works out.

Yajima clasps his hands together and pleads to me again.

Tch, it is what it is, I guess…

It's the third period break.

Hey, Akari.

I go out to the hallway and call over to Akari in the classroom.

Hm?

Akari gets out of her chair and scurries up to me.

What is it, Yuki?

She smiles like usual.

Urgh…

That familiar smile is making me feel a little guilty.

But…

I look to the corner of the hallway and see Yajima anxiously watching.

Ugh, it is what it is, I guess…

Akari.

What is it?

Come with me for a bit.

I say.

Okay, sure.

She's quick to say yes.

We're in the bridge corridor outside the gym.

There aren't very many other students around.

It's the perfect place for a quiet conversation.

What did you want to talk about?

Akari speaks first.

Uh, so…

Hm?

Well, err…

Yuki?

I'm sure Yajima's anxiously watching from around the corner.

Whether he succeeds or fails all comes down to me, I guess.

Urgh…

But should I really just hand Akari over to Yajima?

I should've thought about this before, but I belatedly begin to consider it now.

Akari as Yajima's girlfriend?

Let me try imagining that.

Akari and Yajima walking to school together…

Akari feeding Yajima her delicious cooking…

Hmmm…

That doesn't feel right to me.

And really, Yajima is too good for Akari.

He has a good personality, he's good at basketball, and the whole class loves him.

He couldn't be more different than me. Haha.

But that could make this the chance of a lifetime for Akari.

Yajima could be the best man to ever approach her.

It'd be easy for me to get in the way, but what right do I have to do that?

Urrrgh!

What do I doooooooooo?!

I wrack my brains.

Yuki, you needed to tell me something, right?

Akari urges me to go on.

Is it hard to talk about?

N-Not really.

Is something bothering you?

Uh, well…

Yuki, you know you can tell me anything.

Akari looks worried.

I…

I?

I want…

I want?

I want to…

I want to?

I want to… I want to…

A. Never mind, Yajima can't have Akari!

B. Let the two of them decide for themselves.

Never mind, Yajima can't have Akari!

Akari!

Wh-What?!

…

I stare into Akari's eyes.

What is it, Yuki?

…

…

…

Yuki?

After a moment of silence…

Do you have a crush on anyone?

I ask her.

What?!

She's as startled as I expected her to be.

I'm asking if there are any guys you're into.

I ask again.

Wha?! Huh?! What?!

My sudden question clearly has her flustered.

I hang my head and sigh.

Then I look up again.

Is there someone or not? That's all I want to know.

…

Do you have a crush?

…

Or not?

…

Akari sees how serious I am and finally nods.

There is someone.

She whispers.

…

…

I see.

In that case…

Then can I ask you who it is? Is it Yajima?

Hm? Yajima?

Yeah, the guy on the basketball team.

Not him, no.

So you don't like him?

No.

Yajima isn't your crush?

No.

You like someone else?

Yeah.

Alright.

I nod firmly.

Then forget it.

Uh, what was all this about?

Don't ask.

Err…

Don't ask me anything about this again.

…

Okay?

Okay, I understand.

Akari nods and smiles.

…And that's what happened.

So?! You expect me to be okay with that?!

Yajima says, making a dramatic "No way!" gesture with his hands.

I'm supposed to give up because she's into another guy?! Which guy?!

How should I know? But she's never been one to change her mind once it's set. Introducing you would've been a waste of time. Look, man, I think you should just move on.

Look, man, I think you should just move on.

Not until I know who I'm losing out to!

I shrug at Yajima's rage and return to the classroom.

As for who Akari likes…

I think I know.

I know, but I…

…

I guess I'm not playing fair.

It's not my place to get involved here.

I should leave it up to Akari and Yajima.

I give in and agree to introduce Yajima to Akari.

Akari.

What?

There's actually someone I wanted to introduce you to.

I look away as I speak.

What?

You know Yajima from our class, right? The guy on the basketball team?

Yajima?

Yeah, he, uh, he says he likes you.

…

And y'know, you're not seeing anyone right now. And he's a good guy, right? So…

Yuki…

Akari looks upset.

W-Well, at least hear him out before deciding anything. I'll go get him.

Oh, Yuki!

I leave and hand things off to Yajima before she can get a word in.

I don't feel like witnessing the passionate declaration of his feelings, so I go on back to the classroom.

Ugh…

Is this how things should be?

Well, I have no right to stop Akari from dating anyone.

Still…

I'm not totally oblivious.

I have some idea about Akari's feelings.

Her feelings for me…

Just then…

Yuki…

I turn and see Akari looking dejected.

Akari…

I can't find the words. Akari speaks first.

I turned him down.

…

That told me everything.

I made it clear that there's someone else I like.

Akari…

…

So, uh…

I thought you knew.

Akari…

There are a few seconds of oppressive silence.

And then…

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

The bell rings.

When it finishes, Akari rubs her eyes.

Then, her usual attitude returns and she smiles.

Uh-oh, class is starting. See you later, Yuki.

She returns to her seat.

Akari…

She smiles like everything is normal.

Somehow, that makes my heart ache.

The warm sunlight leaking through the curtains wakes me up.

Mmmm…

It's gotten pretty warm.

Monday, April 28th.

It's about time I put my winter blanket away.

I'm going to school now!

…

For some reason, Akari doesn't come to pick me up that day.

She never sleeps in, so maybe she's sick.

…

She was always by my side before, so her absence makes me oddly lonely.

After homeroom is over, I ask the teacher about it.

Hey, so I noticed Aka―uh, Kamigishi's absent today. Have you heard why?

Yeah, evidently she's sick.

She is?

We just got a call about it.

I see, so she really is sick?

She did mention she felt a little cold coming on.

Tch… It is what it is, I guess.

When I get to my front door, I remember that Akari is sick.

Both her parents work, so I'm sure she's alone and bored right now.

Maybe I should stop by.

If it seems like she's asleep, I'll just go back home.

Alright.

I head to Akari's house.

It's around the corner past my house.

She lives so close, but I hardly come here anymore lately.

It's been quite a while since my last visit.

I stand at her door and reach out a hand to ring the doorbell when something occurs to me.

Maybe Akari's asleep with a fever.

If so, I'd feel bad about waking her up.

Hmmm…

Alright, I'll try calling, but not too loud.

Her room's right over there.

Heeey, Akariii…

I speak in a voice a little louder than my usual speaking volume.

…

Nobody answers.

I guess she really is asleep.

Oh well, maybe I should leave.

I turn around when…

*rattle, rattle, rattle*

I hear the window open.

And then…

Yuki?

Akari leans out of the window.

Hey, Akari.

What are you doing here?

I just wanted to see how you're doing.

Oh, one sec.

*rattle, rattle, rattle*

Akari recedes back inside, and a little while later…

*click*

I hear the front door unlock.

I walk inside and see Akari in cute pink pajamas.

She's wearing a white cardigan over them.

What, were you asleep?

Yeah.

Sorry, for waking you.

That's okay. I'm glad you came. Hold on, I'll change… *cough, cough*

Akari puts a hand over her mouth.

Hey, are you alright?

Yeah, sorry.

Don't worry about me. Just get back to bed and lie down.

But…

It's fine. Here, I'll help.

I know Akari's house well.

I remove my shoes and enter her home, then help Akari up to her room on the second floor.

After having her lie down, I sit in a chair.

Sorry.

Why?

You came all the way here just for this.

We live right next to each other.

I laugh.

Oh, so I took these notes for you in class today. The handwriting's not great, but hey, it should be good enough.

Thanks.

Heheh, it was nothing. If this is worth thanking me for, how many times are you gonna have to thank me in general?

Yuki…

I don't know if it's because of the fever, but Akari's eyes seem to shine more than usual.

So I hear you caught a cold.

Yeah, I started feeling bad last night.

Heh, you probably took a hot bath and caught a chill when you got out, right?

Yeah, that could have been it.

Tch, it is what it is, I guess.

…

Akari giggles.

What?

You say that a lot.

What do I say a lot?

'It is what it is.'

Do I?

I never realized that.

Now that she mentions it, maybe I do.

Typical Akari, she notices everything.

Anyway, how do you feel?

Oh, I feel much better.

Yeah?

There's no school tomorrow, and as long as I rest up, I think I can go to school the next day.

Just make sure you're really better before you come back to school. Take care of yourself.

Okay.

Do you have a fever?

Not right now.

Let's see…

I place my hand on Akari's forehead.

…

It's kinda hot.

Okay, I guess I have a little fever.

Are you kidding me?

But I'm fine, don't worry. This is nothing.

A fever's a fever. Take it seriously.

Okay.

Sorry if I'm bothering you.

It's fine.

Akari shook her head.

Well, I should find something to do as long as I'm here. Hey, are you hungry?

No, not yet.

Did you take any medicine?

Yeah, before I went to sleep.

Is there anything you want?

…

…

…

…

Could you keep your hand on my forehead?

Uh…

It felt nice and cool.

You're so dumb.

I look away.

What do you think people's hands are for?

Still, I put my hand on her forehead.

Tch, it is what it is, I guess.

Akari giggled.

Crap, I said it again.

And right after she just pointed out that I say it a lot, too.

I click my tongue despite myself, and when Akari sees that, she grins.

I love the look you get in your eyes when you say that little phrase of yours.

Wh-What do you mean?

Your eyes look so kind.

Hey, what's wrong with you? Are you sick or something?

Yep, I am.

Oh, right.

Akari giggles again.

…

…

Akari's eyes seem to glisten and she gives me a look of pure joy.

Uh-oh…

I-I'm in trouble.

I've got to change the subject before I blush.

S-So, uh…

What?

You still have that plushie?

I look at the stuffed bear by her pillow.

Yeah.

Didn't I give you that in elementary school? I think I won it at an arcade.

Yeah, that's it.

That was forever ago. You really take care of your stuff.

When you've been with something long enough, you start to love it.

Love, huh?

But this bear is just ugly.

I hate its blank eyes.

Doesn't it have a name?

Yeah.

What is it?

Bear.

It's just named what it is?!

You're the one who named it.

What? F-For real?

Yeah.

I totally forgot.

My whole love of bears started with this plushie you gave me.

Wha?!

R-Really?

Yeah.

I had no idea.

I always thought it was a weird fixation, but it was my fault?

Now I feel kind of responsible for this.

I should try to stop mocking her bear obsession.

You played around with this bear all the time when we were little, Yuki.

Did I?

Yeah.

Alright, then let me breathe life into this thing once more.

I pick up the plushie and hold it up to Akari's face.

I pretend like the bear is a puppet and make it talk.

Akari, I'm hungry. Feed me.

…

What, you got a cold? Aw, heck.

…

Ya shoulda been more careful.

Why does it talk like that?

What? Oh, that's just how I imagine it talking.

That seems wrong.

What, ya got a problem with how I talk?

N-No, not really.

Grrr! Now I'm mad!

S-Sorry.

Ya shouldn't have said nothin' in the first place!

Y-Yuki<rep rep_sweat>

I'm not Yuki! I'm Bear, and ya better not forget it! Take this! And one of these!

S-Sorry! *cough, cough*

Oh, s-sorry.

I quickly put the bear down.

This is your fault!

I bop the bear on the head, ringing the bell on its neck.

Sorry about that. He's kind of a jerk.

I awkwardly smile. Akari giggles.

I didn't realize Bear was that kind of guy.

Err, he's not. A corrupt soul just happened to possess him just now.

He was yours to begin with, Yuki. If that's what you think he's like, then I'm sure that's what he's like.

Akari has to stop herself from laughing.

Huh? You think so?

Hmmm…

Maybe I should have made Bear more chill.

I put him back where he was.

Akari sighs.

Anyway, I didn't think you'd come.

Why not?

You hardly ever come over now.

I haven't had much reason to.

I was wondering if you started finding it harder to come visit.

Harder?

Yeah.

…

…

Maybe I did find it harder…

But you came today.

Yeah.

Why?

…

…

I was worried about you.

…

We're always together, so I miss you when we're not around.

…

So get well soon and come back to school.

…

Alright?

Yeah.

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

Hey, Akari…

Yeah?

So…

Yes?

I've always wanted to tell you this, but…

What?

Uh…

…

Thanks for everything.

…

…

Yuki…

I always wanted to tell her that.

But I could never find the right time to do it.

Maybe the gentle, soft vibe in the room brought the words out.

The soft rays of the setting sun filtered in, painting Akari's room in shades of orange.

Akari and I…

We've known each other all our lives.

We're more than friends and less than a couple.

She was always within reach, but I never took that critical step forward.

Maybe I wanted our relationship to stay the same forever.

But if there was any time to take that step, it was now.

I…

A. Kiss Akari.

B. Smile and leave.

Akari…

Yuki…

When I brought my lips close to hers, Akari naturally closed her eyes.

And then…

That day, we had our first kiss.

What lingers most in my memory is the gentle warmth of our lips and the deep orange light of the setting sun.

Yuki…

What is it?

You're gonna get sick.

Don't be dumb.

I playfully poke Akari in the forehead.

Well, I'm gonna go home now.

I smile.

Oh, I'll walk with you.

Don't push yourself.

Akari tries to get out of bed, but I hold up a hand to stop her.

Get some more rest. I'll let myself out.

Okay…

I grab my bag and stand up.

See you later.

Okay.

Get well soon.

Okay, thanks.

I wave goodbye and leave her room.

I hope it stays like this forever.

I don't ever want what we have now to change.

More than friends and less than a couple.

That's the vague relationship we share.

It's always been like that.

And it'll probably always be that way.

It's morning.

I wake up and stay under my covers as I think back on what happened with Akari yesterday.

Akari's room in the setting sun…

We kissed, didn't we?

I touch my lips.

…

They were, of course, still the same lips.

Wednesday, April 30th.

Alright!

I get out of bed and stretch.

It's the last morning of April, and I feel wonderful.

I'm going to school now!

Good morning, Yuki.

The bright morning sunlight shines upon Akari as she gives me an energetic smile.

Good morning, Akari.

I smile back.

She doesn't seem sick anymore.

…

What? Something wrong?

I think this is the first time you've said good morning back to me.

Oh, is it?

It is.

Akari smiles and nods.

Man, what are you? A doctor of Hiroyuki Fujita-ology?

Yeah, for sure. With sixteen years of experience.

That's a pretty worthless subject to study.

That's not true. I'm sure this data's gonna be useful in the future.

Wha?

Hehehe!

Anyway, you feel better?

Yeah, thanks for asking. I've never been better.

Cool.

Thanks for visiting yesterday.

Is that even worth thanking me for?

Of course. It's probably why I got better.

As if. Your antibodies fought the virus off.

Geez.

Akari cracks a smile.

By the way, Yuki…

Yeah?

Did I get you sick?

Doesn't seem like it.

…

What?

Well, our mouths touched, so I was a little worried about that.

Oh…

I think back on the soft touch of her lips.

D-Don't tell anyone about what happened two days ago!

Hehehe.

What's so funny?!

Nothing, nothing.

Tch…

Okay, got it. It'll be our secret.

And definitely don't tell Shiho!

Yeah, yeah.

Akari smiles and nods. I look away.

It's time for the first period break.

Yuki.

Akari approaches my seat.

H-Hey.

I try to act natural and smile back, but it's a bit awkward.

What's wrong?

Akari, of course, notices something is off.

She giggles.

Oh, it's nothing.

I try to avoid the question.

It's actually more than nothing.

The moment I saw Akari, my heart raced.

Evidently, I've unconsciously started paying a lot more attention to Akari.

Well, it's to be expected.

We were always close, but I'd just taken a very big very sudden step forward.

It's made it a lot harder to talk to her like I always have.

It sort of bothers me that Akari noticed how flustered I was.

Do you want something?

Yeah.

Akari gleefully nods.

Do you mind if I come over today?

To my place? Why?

I was thinking I'd cook you dinner.

Dinner?

Sure.

That's a nice thing to offer to do.

I've been eating out a lot lately, so ramen, convenience store food, take-out bento, and fast food are starting to bore me.

I'm starving for home cooking.

I have no reason to say no.

I tell her okay.

Then let's stop by the supermarket on the way home.

That's when I realize something.

Akari and I will be alone tonight.

With nobody else home…

Hmmm…

We'd been alone at my house together plenty of times, but it's a bit different now.

Now, Akari and I are…

You'll come with me, won't you?

What? Y-Yeah.

What's going on? You're being weird today.

It's nothing.

I clear my throat.

Weird…

Yuki.

Akari approaches my seat.

Like I said this morning, I want to stop by the supermarket on the way back to your place.

Akari grins.

A. Then let's do it.

B. You can handle the shopping.

Sure, then let's do it.

Okay.

I pick up my bag and rise from my chair.

Akari asks me something on the way back.

Yuki, what do you want for dinner?

How about a whole roast pig?

Are you kidding me?

The kind where it's wrapped in banana leaves and buried, and then you light a bonfire over it to roast it. I forget what it's called.

But there's no way I can get a whole pig. I could order half of one, but it'd cost over two hundred thousand yen.

It was a joke.

Hey, Akari.

What is it?

It doesn't have to be anything too fancy. We could go to a restaurant for that. I want something more homey.

Got it. Any particular requests?

Not really. Whatever you're good at cooking.

What I'm good at cooking? Hmm, I'm not sure. I don't think I'm especially good or bad at anything.

Well, you can decide. Make what you like. I'm good with anything tasty, cheap, and nutritious.

That's a pretty tough ask in and of itself…

I know you can do it. I already have rice, miso, and seasonings. I trust you for the rest!

Okay, got it. I'll give it a try!

Alright, that's the spirit!

It's easier than you might expect to get Akari hyped up.

Shopping at the supermarket together while we're both in school uniforms makes us stand out in a way I don't like, but whatever.

Akari buys tofu, pork, seaweed, daikon, carrots, cucumbers, asparagus, lettuce, eggs, avocados, natto, and more.

I have no clue what she's planning on cooking.

The whole time we're shopping, Akari goes on about random facts like how pork is high in vitamin B1 and helps with fatigue.

Akari cares a lot about both taste and nutrition.

When it comes to food, I know I can count on Akari to handle it.

She's reliable in that way.

Despite everything she buys, it's surprisingly cheap.

When I go shopping, it always costs over 3,000 yen. I'm impressed Akari knows how to check the prices.

She's learned it all from helping her family out all her life.

So, what are you cooking anyway?

Hehehe, it's a surprise.

I knew you'd say that.

Akari giggles.

We get back to my place around five.

It's a little early for dinner.

We're here!

Hey, come on in.

Thanks!

Akari bowed slightly and entered the house.

Feel free to use anything in the kitchen. I'm going to go get changed in my room.

Okay, got it. I'll be in the kitchen.

I change into something more casual and go down to the living room. Akari is already preparing to cook in the kitchen.

She's washing and chopping vegetables.

I sit on the couch and turn the TV on.

Hey, isn't it a little early for dinner?

Then, she replies.

Yeah, but I'm just getting everything ready.

Gotcha.

While Akari is hard at work, I space out and watch TV.

You can handle the shopping.

I respond.

What?

Akari looks a bit surprised.

But you said before that you'd come with me.

Sure, but think about it. It would be just the two of us shopping at the supermarket in school uniforms on the way home. If anyone saw that, Shiho or not, there'd be rumors about us.

Maybe you're right.

Akari hangs her head.

So can you do the shopping by yourself?

Sure.

Akari looks disappointed, but she nods.

She's always agreeable.

By the way, is there anything in particular you want for dinner?

I haven't had home cooking in a while, so something more homey would be nice. Like something you couldn't get at a restaurant.

What specifically?

Nothing comes to mind. Whatever you're good at cooking.

What I'm good at cooking? Hmm, I'm not sure. I don't think I'm especially good or bad at anything.

Well, you can decide. Make what you like. I'm good with anything tasty, cheap, and nutritious.

That's a pretty tough ask in and of itself…

I know you can do it. I already have rice, miso, and seasonings. I trust you for the rest!

Okay, got it. I'll give it a try!

Alright, that's the spirit!

It's easier than you might expect to get Akari hyped up.

So, when should I head over?

Some time before six should be fine.

Okay, got it. See you then.

Akari leaves without me.

*ding-dong*

The bell rings at 5:55.

Hey!

I unlock the door. Akari is there as expected.

Hello! I'm here!

Hey, come on in.

Thanks!

Akari bowed slightly and entered the house.

I'll be in the kitchen.

Isn't it a little early for dinner?

Yeah, but I'm just getting everything ready.

Oh, okay.

She goes straight to the kitchen, opens her bags, and starts washing and chopping vegetables.

In the meantime, I sit on the couch and watch TV.

Some time later, Akari comes out of the kitchen.

Preparations are done. How does dinner around seven sound?

Sounds good. Let's kill time till then.

Okay.

I take a deck of cards out of a drawer.

Maybe we can play Memory.

Hm? Oh, okay.

I split the deck.

Then, I shuffle the cards.

Oh, Yuki, you're so good at that.

I guess.

I place the cards face down on the table.

Alright, let's get started. You go first.

Okay.

Then our game of Memory begins.

The results are hardly worth sharing.

We play three matches, and I crush her each time.

Akari.

…

You…

…

You're soooooooo bad!

Urgh…

Can you not remember anything?

Oh, speaking of which, what am I doing here?

…

…

Was that supposed to be a joke?

Yep.

It wasn't very funny.

Akari hangs her head low.

Ah… Hehehe.

Well, never mind that. You lost, so strip.

What?

When you lose this game, you're supposed to strip naked. Those are the rules.

I-I've never heard that before!

Are you for real? Quit freaking out. I was just joking.

Oh…

Don't take me so seriously.

…

Take what seriously?

Was that supposed to be a joke too?

Akari hangs her head low again.

Ugh…<rep rep_sweat>

We play until 6:30.

Well, I'll start cooking.

Sounds good.

Akari puts on my mother's apron and heads to the kitchen.

She starts cooking.

She's come over to cook before, so she already knows how to use the kitchen and where the knives and dishes are.

Even many of the seasonings on the shelf were originally bought by her.

She's like a part-time housewife.

Well, maybe housewife is a bit much.

More like a maid, let's say.

…

She looks weirdly good in an apron.

Kind of domestic.

These thoughts run through my head as I glance over at Akari in the kitchen.

She's stir-frying something with a frying pan and chopsticks.

I hear oil sizzle and smell a pleasant aroma.

Laaalala, lululala, laaalalala…

She taps her foot to the rhythm as she enjoys singing some song.

…

Never mind, she's more like a newlywed than a maid.

I sink into the couch and blankly watch Akari.

This isn't too bad.

It's not much longer before Akari finishes her special dinner and sets it on the table.

There's pork-wrapped asparagus and carrots.

There's an avocado and natto dish.

There's cucumber, daikon, and carrot sticks with handmade tartar sauce.

There's miso soup with tofu, seaweed, and onions.

There's pickled eggplant.

Now that's the stuff.

This is home cooking.

The beef stew from last time was good, but with all the eating out I do, this kind of cooking feels special.

Plus, it's crazy that she can make so much for so cheap.

According to Akari, it's possible to maintain this level of quality for less than 300 yen per meal.

She really knows how to make a little bit of money go a long way.

Akari's gained another point in my book.

Eat as much as you want. There's more in the kitchen.

Akari says, smiling.

Gotcha, thanks!

I start with the dish in the middle of the table, the pork-wrapped vegetables.

The boiled asparagus and carrots were wrapped in thin slices of pork and grilled in an oiled frying pan before being seasoned with salt and pepper to finish.

The flavor is simple, but not too rich. This is the kind of food I can tear through.

It's the perfect example of comforting home-cooked food.

I take a bite.

Whoa, this is delicious. Nice job.

Really? I'm glad you like it.

Next, I try the avocado and natto dish.

The natto and half inch cubes of avocado are flavored with Japanese mustard, soy sauce, and kombu, then topped with thinly sliced daikon radish and cucumber.

The buttery avocado and the distinctive texture of natto combine to create an undeniably delicious dish.

The daikon is nice and crunchy too. I chow this down too.

Was Akari trying to make me fat?

Then there are the cucumber, daikon, and carrot sticks.

They're a perfect palate cleanser.

And the fresh vegetables are incredibly delicious too.

It's crazy that you can make tartar sauce on your own like it's no big deal.

It's easy enough that anyone can make it.

It's easy, but it's tedious. That's what I don't like.

I move on to the miso soup with tofu, seaweed, and onions.

I slurp some.

The flavor is perfect.

Leave it to Akari to know exactly what I like.

The addition of diced spring onion makes the flavor even better.

Akari knows not to skip out on even little steps like that. Another point in my book.

I try the pickled eggplant next.

You can't have rice and miso soup without something pickled.

Akari knows that.

But rather than do something easy and obvious like pickled radish or cucumber, she went with pickled eggplant with mustard.

I approve.

Akari made stew last time and hot pot the time before that. Evidently, Akari can cook all sorts of things.

Akari's mother is a professional chef, and I can imagine Akari becoming just as good in the future.

Akari! I'm ready for seconds!

I hand her my empty bowl.

Okay.

How did you make this all so fast? You've gotten good.

You really think so?

For sure. You'll make a good wife.

Wife? To who?

Well, I guess you could be mine.

What?!

Hahaha, just kidding!

Geez, Yuki!

Whew, I'm stuffed.

I lay face up on the couch.

Akari is cleaning up.

She's gone above and beyond to repay me for visiting her while she was sick.

I couldn't ask for anything more.

Akari finishes cleaning and watches TV with me.

We don't have much more to do now that we've eaten, so we got quiet.

…

…

We both get kind of fidgety and awkward.

Although we're watching some trashy variety show, it's like our minds are elsewhere.

Mine is, at least.

What's next for us?

It's all I can think about. I can't focus on the TV.

I repeatedly sip the tea Akari made me, but I still feel oddly parched.

I notice Akari constantly getting more tea too.

Maybe she's thinking the same thing.

The show ends at 7:55.

Akari looks at the clock and gets up from the couch.

And then…

I need to head home.

She says what I was expecting.

You're leaving?

Yeah, I mean, look at the time.

Akari reaches out to grab her bag by the couch.

I reach out…

…unable to stop myself from grabbing her hand.

Yuki?

Oh.

I panic and let go.

Wh-What?

Akari looks a little surprised.

What's wrong?

N-Nothing.

I'm at a loss for words.

I don't know why.

The thought of Akari going home…

It made me seize her hand.

Yuki?

She repeats my name.

…

I…

A. Invite her to my room.

B. See her off.

Akari…

I stare into Akari's eyes.

Want to come to my room?

I say.

What?

Akari has to ask me to repeat myself.

I say it again.

Let's go to my room.

This time I say it somewhat firmly.

I'm not hiding my feelings with humor anymore.

I muster up the determination to express how I feel.

…

Akari seems to understand that. She doesn't answer right away.

I think she knows what coming to my room would mean.

…

…

…

…

There's a moment of silence.

Akari and I…

Our relationship had blurred lines for over a decade at this point.

We were like siblings but not. We were closer than friends, but we never dated.

We were within each other's reach, but we saw a line we never wanted to cross, and that worked well for us.

Now, however, I was about to cross that line.

The line had been hazy ever since that kiss.

But now, I'm just trying to figure out how to make that blurry line into something more well-defined.

I think it's a natural step.

…

…

The time that passed was either very brief or very long.

The silence weighed heavily upon me.

I couldn't bear it.

I speak up.

Akari…

…!

Akari looks up.

She's unusually tense.

Maybe she's a little nervous.

I try to act natural.

Hey, so we've been together a long time, right?

What?

We've known each other as long as we can remember. It's been more than fifteen years now.

Y-Yeah.

Akari nods.

We know all about each other and we're totally comfortable together. We don't tire each other out at all, y'know?

Yeah.

It doesn't really feel like we just started dating a couple of days ago. Our relationship's a lot deeper than that, don't you think?

Yeah, I agree.

But…

…

We still haven't done more than kiss.

…

When I mention the kiss, Akari's shoulders jump slightly.

There's nothing wrong with that, but I was thinking we could maybe go a little further.

…

That's just my opinion, of course.

…

Akari stares at the floor and remains silent.

She's thinking hard about something.

Her hands are clasped together and trembling.

She must be nervous.

So am I.

My hands are sweaty.

I've never been so nervous around Akari in my life.

What the hell is this?

This feeling…

The silence grows heavier and heavier, weighing down on my shoulders.

Akari doesn't make a sound.

I'm starting to get fed up.

What's with you? Why aren't you saying anything?

Oh…

C'mon.

S-Sorry.

Something about her apology only makes me more annoyed.

Don't you love me?!

What?!

Akari looks up.

Oh crap.

I didn't mean to be that aggressive.

O-Or, uh, do you not?

Now feeling embarrassed, I look down.

What am I saying?

…

There's another moment of silence.

Then, Akari quietly speaks up.

I do love you.

She bashfully replies.

I've loved you since I was little. Of course I love you.

Akari…

Why make her say this?

I feel a bit guilty.

I didn't have to ask if she loved me. I already knew.

Wait…

But this is good.

Now we've made our feelings clear.

We love each other.

It's only natural that we want each other.

In that case…

I get off the couch.

!

Akari trembles.

A-Akari?

Oh…

…

…

Wh-Why'd you react like that?

I ask with an awkward smile.

I…

She murmurs.

I need to go home.

What?

Look, I'm still in my school uniform, it's pretty late, and my mom's gonna be worried about me.

…

…

More silence.

The air is frigid.

That awkward smile is stuck on my face.

A short time later, I force it off.

Gotcha.

I try to act casual and stick my hands in the pockets of my jeans.

I see.

So that's how it is.

Sorry.

Akari mutters an apology.

I understand.

I sigh.

Then I'll see you off.

Okay.

Akari slowly starts walking.

Well, sorry, but this is as far as I'm going.

Okay then. See you later.

Akari waves and exits through the front door.

*clack*

*click*

I lock the door.

And also my own heart.

I return to the living room.

Whew…

I exhale.

Then…

I fall onto the couch.

As I stared at the ceiling…

Ugh…

I let out a deep sigh.

And then…

What am I doing?

I mutter.

Then I close my eyes.

I don't want to think, but I can't help it.

Akari…

She's always been with me.

Through kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, and high school, she was always by my side.

Seeing her all the time made me see her as my own sister.

But it's not like that anymore.

A childhood friend could be like a sibling, but we aren't really related.

Our relationship isn't platonic.

I've honestly been aware of Akari's feelings for a long time.

She loves me.

I've always known that.

Akari never said it out loud, but she showed it through her attitude.

And I won't deny that made me happy.

But despite noticing, I went years without doing anything about it.

Because she really was like a sister to me.

I didn't want to see her romantically.

I did love her, of course.

But not like a girlfriend.

Eventually, though, even my feelings changed.

I think it started when Akari changed her hairstyle.

She was shockingly cute after that. I was shocked the first time I saw it.

I couldn't see her as the same Akari anymore.

And ever since that day, I've been more aware of Akari as a girl.

What made it worse was when Yajima from the basketball team wanted me to get them together.

I couldn't stand the idea of seeing her with another guy.

And when nothing happened with Yajima in the end, I was relieved.

Akari wasn't just a childhood friend. I was starting to fall in love.

That was when I realized.

And then there was the kiss.

We had our first kiss at Akari's house.

That was when we moved from childhood friends to a couple.

Or that's what I thought, at least.

When I saw Akari's tears of joy after the kiss, I regretted making her wait so long.

So, I wanted to make up for lost time.

That was why I wanted to advance our relationship.

And yet…

She loves me, but I guess our current relationship is enough for her for now.

Maybe it's enough for her just to feel comfortable and at ease with me.

But I…

I ruined it.

She looked so uncomfortable…

God damn it.

What have I done?

I was in too much of a rush.

I shouldn't have done anything.

I screwed up.

I never should have said what I did.

Crap…

Maybe we didn't want quite the same things from each other after all.

I tried to push things to the next level.

But maybe she was content with our relationship as it was.

Maybe it was enough for her just to feel comfortable and at ease with me.

…

Right.

I'm sure that's right.

Maybe I felt the same way deep down.

When it happened…

That tension…

That discomfort…

My heart raced and my palms were sweaty.

Was that what I wanted out of dating Akari?

Did I want it to feel so suffocating?

No.

I wanted things to stay as they were.

I wanted to relax and have fun with her like I always did.

And I wanted it to stay that way forever.

Then maybe it'd be best to date her like nothing has changed.

I'm like the older brother and she's like the little sister.

The relationship I shared with my childhood friend was an ambiguous one.

There was no reason to change that.

Yep, that's right.

It doesn't matter how anyone else does things. We are who we are.

We don't need to try and be a typical couple.

Right?

Akari probably realizes that.

But I…

Aw, crap.

I wish I could take back what I did.

What do I say to Akari tomorrow?

Alright.

Let's say this whole night was a joke.

Inviting her to my room and trying to move things forward was all a joke.

This is Akari we're talking about.

I'm sure she'll laugh it off.

Then, our relationship can go back to the way it was.

Tonight I just got a bit caught up in the moment and made a little joke.

She'll buy that explanation, right?

Right…?

*ding-dong*

*ding-dong*

Hm?

*ding-dong*

*ding-dong*

What?

Who could it be at this hour?

I pull myself off the couch.

Then I head to the door.

*click*

I unlock the door.

…

Akari…

It's Akari.

I freeze up for a moment.

Wh-What's up?

I ask her with an awkward smile.

What?

Did you forget something?

Forget something?

Huh?

Hm?

There seems to be a misunderstanding.

Well, what'd you come here for?

Uh, b-because you…

Me? What about me?

I ask.

…

Akari shyly looks away.

You wanted me to come to your room, didn't you?

She mumbles.

I pause for a second.

Huh?

She faintly smiles.

Wh-What are you talking about? You said you were going home.

Yeah, since I was still in my school uniform, and I didn't want to worry my parents by being out late, and I wanted to take a bath.

…

I noticed the scent of shampoo from Akari's hair.

Wait a second…

So what's going on then?

Does that mean Akari wanted me all alone?

And that was why she went home to take a bath first?

I told my mom that I might spend the night at Shiho's.

Akari blushes.

…

…

…

…

Haha.

Hm?

Hahahahaha.

Yuki?

Seriously?

What?

Akari seems confused.

I look down.

Did you really think I was serious, dummy?

I try kidding around.

What?

I was obviously messing with you. It was just a little joke.

Y-Yuki…

Try not to take me so seriously.

…

Oh well, it is what it is. Haha…

…

Man…

…

What?

Akari seems uncharacteristically serious.

You're lying.

She says.

How am I lying?

I try to grin and argue.

But my face muscles are twitching slightly.

You're lying, Yuki. You meant what you said. I saw it in your eyes.

Akari stares straight at me.

You meant it, and I wanted to do it too. That's why I worked up the courage to come here.

…

But now you're pretending it was all fake? How could you?

…

…

…

…

What the hell?

Now it's my turn to be serious.

What?

You went home. I took that as a no.

N-No, I just…

That's what most people would think.

…

That made me regret what I said.

Y-You regretted it?!

I wish I just didn't say anything, yeah. If I could've turned back time, I would've.

Why?

After thinking about it, I decided keeping our relationship where it was felt more natural.

…

I'd finally found an answer, and tomorrow we could've gone back to the way things were, but…

Yuki…

But why'd you have to come back?

…

Just go home.

What?!

Sorry, but I've made up my mind. Pretend this never happened.

B-But…

…

…

…

…

There's a brief silence.

And then…

Okay.

Akari hangs her head low.

I'll go home.

She murmurs weakly.

Honestly, it hurts my heart a little.

Yuki…

…

Sorry.

Akari turns to leave.

Hold on.

I stop her.

What?

She turns back around.

What are you sorry for?

What?

Don't be sorry. You didn't do anything wrong.

Yuki…

Also…

…?

You're really gonna leave just because I told you to?

What?

You come when you're invited, then you just leave when you're told to?

Wh-What do you mean?

Do you have to make me do everything?

Do I?

You're so passive. Don't just do what I tell you all the time. Do you not have anything else to say?

I-I…

…

…

…

…

Sorry.

I look at the floor.

I'm being mean.

Oh…

Anyway, just go home.

…

I'll try thinking about our relationship some more.

Yuki…

I honestly don't know who you are to me anymore.

…

I don't know if I can handle a more serious relationship with you.

What?!

See you tomorrow.

I open the door and push Akari out.

Y-Yuki!

*clack*

*click*

I shut the door and lock it.

Yuki, Yuki!

*bam* *bam*

Akari knocks on the door.

Yuki, Yuki!

*bam* *bam*

I return to the living room without answering her and turn the lights off.

Yuki, Yuki!

*bam* *bam*

I climb the stairs in the darkness.

Some time later, Akari finally seems to give up and leaves.

I lay in bed in my dark room and stare at the ceiling.

Eventually, I sit up.

*wham*

I punch the wall as hard as I can.

*wham, wham, wham*

Breathing hard, I try to catch my breath.

God damn it.

What am I doing?

Then, I take an absurdly long shower.

I want all of today's events to wash away.

I hastily dry myself with a towel and lay face up in bed again with just pants on.

My hair is still wet, but I can't be bothered to do anything.

…

Why did this happen?

All I had to do was nothing, and everything could've stayed the same.

Maybe it was because I was mentally exhausted, but as soon as I closed my eyes, a wave of sleepiness washes over me, pulling me down into a dark abyss.

My fist aches.

…

Thoughts run through my fading mind.

I don't want to see Akari for a while.

A-Alright, then I'll see you off.

Yeah.

Akari steps outside and puts her shoes on.

See you tomorrow, Yuki.

Y-Yeah.

Akari's about to leave.

Hey, Akari.

I stop her.

What?

So…

Okay.

The food was great.

I say, scratching my cheek to hide my embarrassment.

Yuki…

Come cook here again some time.

I bashfully smile.

Sure!

Akari grins.

See you tomorrow.

Okay, goodnight.

Akari leaves the house.

I smile and stare at the door for a while before locking it and returning to my room.

*beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep* *beep-beep-beep-beep*

Morning has the nerve to come yet again.

…

Apparently, I fell asleep mostly naked.

I sit up in bed and gaze blankly at nothing.

My mind wanders back to what happened with Akari last night.

My heart is heavy with guilt.

How I wish it was a dream.

I clench my hands and my right fist aches.

It was from punching the wall last night.

I did that to myself, as stupid as it was.

May 2nd.

All I have to do is get through school today, and then it will be a three day weekend.

Normally, that would cheer me up, but…

I leave home ten minutes earlier than usual.

That's to avoid Akari, of course.

I don't want to see Akari for a while.

After making it through the day, it's a long weekend.

And then the school trip starts on Tuesday.

We won't have to face each other for some time.

I want to take some time to get my feelings in order.

I sit at my desk and gaze out the window.

Yuki.

Akari arrives after me and approaches my desk.

Good morning. You're here awfully early today. I was sure you were gonna sleep in again, so I stopped by your house first, and…

Akari.

I cut her off.

Wh-What?

Sorry, but can you let me be alone for a bit?

…Sorry.

After Akari leaves, I rest my head on the desk.

Yuki.

…

So, um, about the school trip…

Sorry, I'm busy.

Oh…

I ignore Akari and pass by.

Yuki…

Akari's waiting for me at the park.

Just leave me alone!

Ah!

…

…

I don't want to see you for a while.

What?!

I turn around, and then…

I walk off.

Y-Yuki.

Don't follow me!

!

I quickly turn…

…and walk off.

Y-Yuki…

I get into bed early that night, but I can't sleep.

Light from outside the window dimly lights my room.

I blankly stare at the ceiling in the dark.

All I can think about is Akari.

Yuki…

What's wrong?

Yuki…

Images of Akari's face fade in and out of my mind.

My heart aches every time I picture her face.

I was so cold to her at school.

The guilt tears at me.

It was just a little misunderstanding.

But what started off small had grown into something major in my mind.

I'm hurting her.

I'm making her suffer.

I know that.

But I…

Dammit.

My hand hurts.

Why'd I punch the wall?

I'm such a dumbass.

I hurt myself for nothing.

But it's not like it's a serious injury. You don't have to worry about me, Akari.

Akari…

Ready or not…

Ah, wait!

Here I come!

Aah! Hahaha!

The brilliant sun sinks below the horizon.

Its lingering rays dye the sky orange.

Long shadows are cast.

Parents lead their children home by the hand.

The park is unchanged.

Kids are playing.

Ready or not, here I come!

!!!

Hide and seek…

When it was Akari's turn to find us, everyone went home without telling her.

I was the one who suggested the idea.

Akari was a timid crybaby as a kid, and I picked on her all the time.

I think I just did it because I liked her.

After we ditched Akari and parted ways, I went home to watch TV.

When my favorite show ended, I wondered how Akari was doing.

I had to assume that she had already gone home.

But I was curious, so I put my shoes on and headed back to the park.

Akari was still there.

She was crying and calling out for me, Masashi, and our friends as she wandered in circles.

I felt guilty for what I did.

I was just trying to mess with her.

I just wanted to tease her a little.

And yet…

As the one who suggested ditching her, I felt like a wretched person.

So…

I punched a nearby tree as hard as I could.

It hurt.

But I didn't think it hurt bad enough.

Y-Yuki!

Akari cried and called my name.

Yukiiiiiiii!

Yeah, I'm here.

I endured the pain as I smiled and waved.

Yuki!

Akari grinned and wiped her tears away. She sprinted to me, almost falling over in the process.

Then she grabbed my hand.

Yuki, I found you!

She said it with a smile.

It hurt when she grabbed my hand, but my heart somehow hurt more.

Yuki, what's wrong? Oh, your hand's bleeding! What happened?!

She was shocked when she looked at my hand.

N-nothing…

I tried to hide what I did.

What happened?! D-Does it hurt?! Does it hurt?!

I'm fine, it's nothing!

Akari gripped my hand with tears in her eyes. I tried to calm her, but I cried a little myself.

Akari…

I did the same thing. I hurt her again.

Have I not grown up at all?

I wake up to bright sunlight.

Outside the window is a vast blue sky.

I lift my head off my pillow to check the time.

It's almost noon.

…

That dream really brought me back.

How many years ago was that anyway?

I'd forgotten all about it.

My hand still aches a little as I hold it in front of my face.

I have this to blame.

The pain in my hand must've brought those ancient memories back.

It's a weekend, but I don't feel like doing anything. I just laze around all day.

I lay back on the sofa and read a magazine until I toss it aside.

I grab the remote off the table and turn the TV on.

…

It's a weekend afternoon, so there's nothing good on TV.

I decide to just watch a show I had on tape.

After two episodes, I lie down on my side.

I close my tired eyes.

Ugh…

I sigh.

Akari…

I whisper before falling asleep.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

The phone wakes me up.

Man, that's annoying.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

Okay, okay.

I'll pick up.

*ring*

Oh…

What the hell? Coward.

Expecting them to call again, I wait at the phone for about a minute.

…

But the phone doesn't ring.

…

Who was that?

I'm oddly curious.

Maybe it was…

Akari?

I suspect it was.

…

Am I overthinking this?

I lie down on the couch again.

Ugh…

I sigh and shut my eyes.

Akari…

Just then…

I abruptly sit up.

I'm confident that Akari was the one who just called.

Akari wanted to hear my voice.

I have a feeling that's it.

Akari…

I…

A. I want to see Akari.

B. I can't face her yet.

I miss her.

Akari…

I want to see Akari.

There's no time to waste.

I put my shoes on and run outside.

*ding-dong*

*ding-dong*

Oh, Yuki. Long time no see.

Hello.

I bow and greet Akari's mom.

So…

If you're looking for Akari, she just went out.

What?

She just called someone. She went out right after that.

She called someone.

Then that call must've been her.

Maybe she's meeting Shiho somewhere.

Do you know where she went?

No, she didn't say anything.

Oh, then never mind.

I'm sorry I couldn't help.

I bow and leave Akari's house.

I never managed to figure out my feelings.

But…

I want to see Akari.

I want to talk to her.

That feeling alone pushes me along.

If I could just see her usual smile, I feel like I'll find all the answers.

Akari…

Akari…

Akari…

I want to see you…

Akari…

Akari…

Where are you?

Akari…

Akari…

Akari.

I want to see you…

Maybe it was the dream I had that morning that did it. Akari was crying and waiting for me… I feel like that was it.

No.

I can't face her yet.

My feelings are still a mess.

If I meet up with Akari like this, it'll be the same thing all over again.

There's no need to rush.

I'll use this weekend to really think about everything.

About our future together…

I need to rethink all this.

It's the morning after the long weekend.

The school trip is starting today.

I leave home much earlier than usual.

Good morning, Yuki.

As soon as I leave, I hear a voice.

It's Akari.

She makes it seem like a coincidence, but I know she left home early to wait for me.

She has the same smile as always.

But her gaze is a little shaky, and I swear there are tears in her eyes.

…

She's about to say something, but stops herself.

She looks down and remains silent.

Akari…

I spend the whole weekend thinking.

What should our future relationship be like?

How do I really feel about Akari?

And the conclusion I reach is…

Alright, then let's go.

I grin and pat Akari on the back.

Wouldn't want to be late on the first day of the school trip.

Oh…

Akari opens her eyes wide.

Okay!

She nods emphatically.

Akari is Akari. The answer is simple.

I don't need to rush to decide whether she's my girlfriend or just a childhood friend.

We have plenty of time to figure it out.

So, I'll carry on as usual.

Whether our relationship stays this way forever or we become a couple one day, Akari will still be Akari.

I love Akari.

I know that much for sure, and that's enough for now.

What kind of love is it?

I'll figure that out later.

For now, all that matters is that I love her.

Four tour buses are parked in front of the school.

Kids are chatting at the school gate as they wait.

I put Akari's heavy luggage down and decide to sit on the ground rather than join them.

Ugh, I'm tired… This is all Akari's fault.

Akari's bag is needlessly heavy, so I carry hers while she carries mine.

That does me in.

The trip hasn't even started, and I'm already dead tired.

Man…

I sigh and look at the sky. The dazzling May sunlight shines into my eyes.

Unnngh…

The morning sun is really bright.

I hold up my hand to block it when I happen to see Masashi standing there.

Whew, another day over and done with.

I leave the classroom and stretch.

Then, I feel someone tug at my jacket.

I turn around.

Yuki.

Akari smiles.

What? It's you?

Are you heading home?

Sure am. What about you?

I am too. I just saw you leaving the same time I did. Why don't we walk home together?

With Akari?

Let's see…

A. Sure.

B. Sorry, I'm busy.

Well, no reason not to.

Sure.

I nod.

Okay then.

Akari grins.

We haven't walked home together in a while.

Now that you mention it, I guess we haven't.

We always come to school together in the morning, but since we're in different classes, we never do the same on the way back unless we happen to run into each other like this.

It's been a while.

Akari and I walk side by side.

I walk slower than I would on my own.

I've been matching Akari's pace a lot more lately, actually.

I didn't do that when we were younger.

I would race along, and Akari would jog to try and catch up.

One day I started to feel bad when I saw Akari out of breath.

March already, huh? Time really flies.

Oh yeah, isn't it the 3rd? That means today is Hina Matsuri, Girls' Day, huh.

Yep.

Pretty forgettable holiday though. I usually don't even realize it's happening if nobody mentions it.

Maybe that's just what happens when you're not a kid anymore.

Other Japanese holidays like Setsubun and Tanabata are the same way. You remember them when they're brought up, and that's about it.

I guess so.

Isn't it weird to you that we have so little interest in Japanese holidays?

Yeah, maybe.

I think we see them as minor holidays because we don't get the day off for them. We get Marine Day and Showa Day off, so why not the other traditional Japanese holidays?

I think Tanabata actually comes from China.

We should get the day off for Tanabata.

What?

I'm not saying to do it right away. Maybe in the next year or two.

You'd need to become a politician to get that moving.

You become a politician.

Oh, I don't think I have what it takes.

Giving up already? Pathetic. That's the problem with you.

I don't even know where this is going anymore. Weren't we talking about Girls' Day?

Yep.

Well…

I think it should be a day off.

Ugh, geez…

When we were little, I think Akari used to invite me and Masashi over for Girls' Day.

Her mother was always into traditional holidays like that.

As a cooking class and kimono dressing instructor, Akari's mother is a very kind person who loves children.

On days like Hina Matsuri, she would get us all together and cook for us.

I think she had Akari wear some cute kimonos too.

But we don't do any of that anymore.

I vaguely remember Shiho making a big deal of it back in the early days of middle school.

Hey, do you still celebrate Girls' Day at home?

Not so much in the last few years.

Then your Hina dolls are all put away? That's too bad. You have some really nice ones.

Yeah.

Aren't they expensive? So you spend a ton on those, then your daughter grows up and they're useless to you. Sucks to be a parent.

I-I guess so.

Akari says, her lips curling into a wry smile.

Oh, speaking of Girls' Day…

Yeah?

Do you remember what happened?

What?

What is she talking about?

A. I went on a rampage?

B. You wore fancy outfits?

C. I lent you money?

I think for a moment before I answer.

Sorry, but I'm a bit busy today.

Oh…

Akari looks a little bit disappointed.

I'm not actually busy, but I feel like lazing around for some reason.

Akari seems to understand that.

See you later, then.

Akari waves and walks down the hall by herself.

Sorry, Akari.

Take care.

I drank sake and got drunk?

Yeah, that.

Akari nods twice.

Hehe.

Akari giggles.

I told you to forget about that already.

You got pretty wild, Yuki.

You took me and Masashi's sweets and then you climbed up on the Hina doll stand and started laughing.

…

But then the stand collapsed! What a mess.

Your mom kept giving me more to drink because she thought it was funny. It's her fault.

We were all shocked when you fell and didn't move at all, but it turned out you were just sleeping.

Tch…

She's talking about that time I caught a whiff of the white sake her mom was drinking and wreaked havoc.

Without fail, she always brings up this memory whenever Girls' Day rolls around.

I'm impressed that you can remember something from so long ago.

Eheheh, we've actually got pictures from that day.

What?!

They're in our photo album.

Give them to me!

No way, they're precious memories.

Akari giggles as she answers.

You were so cute back then.

Urgh!

I wish I had a little brother like that!

Hey!

Ah!

You wore fancy outfits?

What?

You always wore those cute kimonos on Girls' Day.

Yeah, I guess.

Every time my parents saw you in those, they went on about how they wanted a daughter. It's burned into my memory.

It was mostly my mom who was into those kimono. She made me wear them.

Nothing wrong with getting dressed up once in a while.

But everyone else was wearing normal clothes. It was just me who stood out. I was so embarrassed that I didn't want to go anywhere.

Sounds like there was a disconnect there.

But that's not what I was asking about. I meant the time you made the Hina doll stand collapse.

Tch, that?

I click my tongue.

Akari's talking about something that happened when we were little.

I got tipsy just from the smell of the white liquor her mom was drinking, climbed up onto their hina doll display, and totally wrecked it - yeah, that’s pretty much what happened.

However, it was so long ago that I'm surprised she remembers it.

I'm impressed.

About what?

Your memory. You can still remember things from ages ago.

Hehehe, I guess so.

Akari flashes me a knowing smile.

What?

Oh, it's nothing. Anyway, isn't the weather nice today?

I know you're hiding something.

What?! No, not really.

I always know when you're lying! C'mon, you're hiding something. Admit it!

Later, I discovered that Akari had embarrassing photos of me from back then.

I tried to confiscate them, but she made sure that didn't happen.

I lent you money exactly a year ago?

Money?

You borrowed 10,000 yen from me for some clothes you really wanted.

What? No way!

You promised you'd pay me back double. Do you not remember?

I never did that, you liar.

Then what were you thinking about?

About the time you made the Hina doll stand collapse.

Ugh, I had a feeling that was it.

Akari is talking about something that happened when we were little.

I got tipsy just from the smell of the white liquor her mom was drinking, climbed up onto their hina doll display, and totally wrecked it - yeah, that’s pretty much what happened.

However, it was so long ago that I'm surprised she remembers it.

I'm impressed.

About what?

Your memory. You can still remember things from ages ago.

Hehehe, I guess so.

Akari flashes me a knowing smile.

If your memory's that good,  you should be able to remember the 10,000 yen.

You made that up.

Tch…

Akari seems like she'd be easy to trick, but she's surprisingly sharp.

She is, at the very least, good at seeing through my lies.

Oh, that reminds me of something.

What?

You forgot your wallet last week and borrowed a thousand yen from me for lunch, right?

Ack.

Oh crap.

I really shouldn't have lied.

I'm heading through the shopping arcade on the way home when I realize it's the day that my favorite manga magazine comes out.

I'm right by a bookstore I often go to.

I decide to give it a read there.

There's a stack of the magazine in question in front of the store.

I pick one up and flip through the pages.

Then, I glance into the store through the window.

Oh!

I see Akari inside.

She's reading some kind of magazine.

I…

A. Talk to her.

B. Finish reading the magazine first.

I put the magazine down, enter the store, and approach Akari.

She keeps reading the magazine and doesn't notice me at all.

What's she reading?

I take a peek from behind.

Let's see here…

Spring Bento Special?

What, a cooking magazine? So typical.

You can't do that, miss.

S-Sorry―Oh, Yuki.

You'll get in the way of other customers. Don't stand while reading, please.

Geez, don't scare me like that!

Akari smiles and blushes as she puts the magazine back on the shelf.

Another cooking magazine?

Yep.

Aren't they all the same?

No, not at all. New issues always have new discoveries.

Uh-huh, and what was today's discovery?

Salmon potato cakes. I was thinking of including some in my next bento.

YESSSS!

What?

Make those for me!

O-Okay, fine.

Alright, then make them next time there's an event to bring a bento to.

When would that be?

Whenever, really.

Well, it's spring. We could go see the cherry blossoms and eat.

Cherry blossoms, huh?

Remember when we all did that last year?

Yeah, but that was awful.

Last year, Akari, Shiho, Masashi, and I went out at night to see the cherry blossoms.

I wanted it to be a quiet, peaceful night, but Shiho chatted it up with some older guys there, and they even started doing karaoke. She ruined everything.

There was nothing quiet or peaceful about being surrounded by a bunch of drunk guys.

It felt more like being at a seedy bar.

All the clapping from those guys got Shiho singing and dancing and everything.

You complained a lot, Yuki, but you still ate plenty.

Well, yeah. Eating was all I could do to enjoy myself at that point.

I had fun, personally.

Really? You and Masashi were faking smiles the whole time.

I guess I didn't have the easiest time fitting in there.

You didn't have to worry about fitting in there.

But I still want to go again this year!

If it's gonna be like last year, I'll pass.

Then we can go about it differently this year.

Well…

Let's see…

A. Let's do it.

B. Maybe if I have time.

C. I'll think about it.

Well, whatever.

She's inside anyway. She'll probably notice me when she comes out.

I start reading the magazine.

Ugh, what the hell? This is their top manga, and it's still on hiatus?

Wait, what? The author is on hiatus?

This one-shot's another sad one. I'd rather not stand here crying in public.

Wait, the manga's ending? But it was just getting good.

Oh, I've been standing here for ten minutes or something.

Where's Akari?

Huh?

She's gone.

Did she walk past without noticing me?

Oh well.

I was too focused on the manga to notice, so I can't blame her.

Well, whatever.

It's not like I needed anything.

Time to go home.

Okay. In that case, let's do it.

Yeah, let's do it.

So, when we go, will you make the dish you just mentioned?

Sure.

Don't forget to include my other favorites too.

Okay.

Also―

No alcohol.

I know, obviously.

I'll bring tea.

Ugh…

What are you sighing for?

I'm not sighing. Ugh…

…

Maybe if I have time.

I answer.

We have to deal with finals first, so it's still a ways off. I don't know what my schedule is gonna be.

Okay…

Well, I should have a better idea of what my schedule will be like when it gets closer to the time. We can think about it again then.

Makes sense.

I'll think about it.

I answer.

I'm sure it'll be fun.

Maybe.

I'll cook something tasty.

Akari seems intent on going.

I don't care either way.

Last year sucked, but I can tolerate that kind of chaos a few times a year.

It's tradition, after all.

I'll decide by spring break.

Okay.

Yuki.

Hey.

I run into Akari in front of the stairs.

It looks like she's on her way home.

What should I do?

A. Let's walk home together.

B. See you later.

Are you heading home?

Yeah. What about you?

Same here. Why don't we walk home together?

Can we really? Then hold on a second.

Akari went back down the hall and into her classroom.

She returned a few moments later.

Sorry about that.

What were you doing?

Saying goodbye to my friends.

Oh, okay.

Akari and I end up walking home together that day.

We descend the hill side by side.

We retrace the same path we took together this morning.

We came to school and left school together.

That means we don't have much left to talk about.

However, having less to say doesn't make things uncomfortable.

There are times for talking and there are times for silence.

It's as simple as that.

Basically, we're comfortable enough with each other not to tire each other out.

Hey, Akari…

What?

Read anything good lately?

I ask her as I walked.

Hmmm, let's see…

Akari looks up at the sky and thinks for a moment.

Oh, come to think of it, my dad lent me a detective novel. He said it's the best he's read in a while. Do you want to read it?

What? A detective novel?

There's some award that it won or failed to win, I don't remember which.

Then why bring it up?

Anyway, it's supposed to be great. It's also a super long book and the print is tiny.

It better actually be good if it's that long.

I can lend it to you.

You're not reading it?

I can read it after you. I'm a slow reader.

Alright, then I'll read it first and tell you who the culprit is.

Geez, that's mean!

Hey, Yuki.

Yeah?

If we were on a trip somewhere and a series of murders started happening around us-

What kind of question is this?

I'm just asking hypothetically. If we were two of the survivors, and you suspected that I was the culprit, what would you do?

A. I'd arrest you.

B. I'd have you turn yourself in.

Are you heading home?

Yeah, I was gonna go home with some girls in my class. What about you?

I was just gonna wander around a bit before heading home.

Oh, okay.

See you later.

Okay, see you.

We wave to each other and part ways.

I'd arrest you.

What?

I'd arrest you.

I repeat myself.

But you wouldn't have any proof that I did it.

I'd just arrest you for the time being.

But you're not even a cop.

I don't need to be a cop to arrest you. It'd be easy.

It's not really a question of how easy it'd be.

I'd arrest you before you make too much noise. That'd solve everything.

…

Akari's hypothetical questions always tend to evolve into strange, dramatic situations.

I honestly struggle to follow her train of thought.

We keep talking until I get home, then wave goodbye and part ways.

I'd have you turn yourself in.

What?

I'd have you turn yourself in. I wouldn't do anything too bad.

B-But you wouldn't have proof that I did it.

Turn yourself in!

Um…

You've made your mother cry. She just wants her nice little girl back.

…

I thought better of you. I can't believe you'd murder someone.

No, I…

At least turn yourself in to repent!

Fine…

Akari's hypothetical questions always tend to evolve into strange, dramatic situations.

I honestly struggle to follow her train of thought.

We keep talking until I get home. Then, we wave goodbye and part ways.

I spot Akari and Masashi talking in front of the shoe racks.

You ever do that before?

Masashi asks.

Totally!

Akari answers.

They seem oddly excited.

Hey, guys.

Hiroyuki.

Yuki.

Masashi, don't you have practice?

We have a break from practice since exams are coming up.

Oh, okay. So what were you talking about?

About ways to save money.

Save money?

Yeah. Like when you order combo meals at a fast food place, have you ever tried adding up the price of each individual item in your head?

For sure. You save a few dozen yen, but you end up having to order a drink, like a coffee you didn't even want.

Exactly!

Akari nods.

It makes me so happy to save a few yen like that.

Yep, you definitely love to save money.

Do you do anything like that, Yuki?

A. So much that I could ramble on about it.

B. This is stupid. Bye.

You're seriously asking me that? Get ready, because we're going to be here for a while.

What?

Let's start with the basics. I always use black tea bags at least twice.

That is pretty basic.

Masashi remarks.

When you've used them a couple too many times to get much flavor out of them, you can use two of them in the same cup of tea to get more flavor. But then it's like, do I really want to drink tea that badly?

By the end, it's basically just colored hot water though.

Still, it's nice to feel like you're saving money.

Oh, and when you're at the supermarket and they let you take as many plastic bags as you want, do you end up taking a bunch at once?

Oh, definitely.

Akari says.

Then you fold them up and put them in a drawer so they're ready for whenever you need them, but you hardly ever have a real use for them.

Totally.

Do you have too many convenience store bags at your house?

Absolutely.

You take them planning to use them as garbage bags at some point, but you never use as many as you take, so in the end you just throw a bunch out.

Oh yeah, I do that!

I do the same thing with paper bags from department stores and cookie tins and stuff.

With things like cookie tins I end up using them to store my accessories.

And if there's one thing I never throw out, it's clothes. Even if they're not in fashion anymore and I know I'll never wear them, I can't throw them away.

Because you think maybe one day you'll have a reason to wear them again, right?

That's pretty frugal.

I have socks with holes in them that I plan on throwing out, but then I end up washing them to wear one more time. You ever do that?

Yep, it's hard to throw something out when you just washed it.

Knowing you'd be better off throwing something out and not being able to do it is as frugal as it gets.

Yeah.

Sometimes I'll open my wallet and find a bunch of coupons for places I don't even remember. Then, I look closer and they're all expired.

Oh, I have some of those right now.

Okay, I'm going to test you guys and see if you're really frugal or not.

Huh?

Okay, leftover cloth from hemming my jeans. I have tons of that saved up in a drawer and I don't even know what I could use it for.

Oh, same here.

What about saving all the condiment packets you get when you eat out?

Yeah, I do that too.

How about plastic forks and spoons? Anyone who washes and reuses those is pretty frugal.

I have real spoons and stuff, but I still reuse the plastic ones.

Same goes for having a drawer full of disposable chopsticks.

Do you sort yours based on packaging? I do.

Then there's the tissues they hand out at train stations. I have a ton and I don't need them, but I feel like I'm saving money with them.

It's easy to end up with too many of those. There's never a time to use them, but they're hard to throw out.

Also…

This continued until I got home.

I can't believe we spent the whole thirty minute walk talking about ways to be cheap.

Man, we've got finals soon. We shouldn't be talking about dumb stuff like this.

W-Well, I guess not, but…

Sorry, but I hate this kind of poor people talk. See you later.

Okay, bye.

Bye.

I wave to Akari and Masashi and walk off.

I put my shoes on and step outside when…

Oh, isn't that Akari?

She's walking and looking down at something in her hands.

A. Talk to her.

B. Watch her leave.

Hey, Akari.

I call out to her.

Oh, Yuki.

Akari turns around and smiles when she sees my face.

What are you looking at?

Oh, these.

She shows me some English vocabulary flash cards.

Right, we have finals in a couple of days. Good luck.

You too, Yuki. I don't know why you're acting like you don't have finals.

Are those cards actually useful or what?

I ask as we walk.

Yeah, more useful than you'd think. Making the cards actually helped me memorize the words more than using them, though.

Makes sense that you would remember what you write.

…

We chat until we reach the base of the hill.

So how's it going with you? Have you been studying for exams?

Barely.

You need to work on English every day, especially vocab. If you don't start studying early, you're not gonna do well.

When it comes to the vocab that shows up on tests, I pick it up naturally without trying.

Really?

I already know plenty of English from song lyrics and product names and whatever.

But you don't always remember what those words mean, do you?

I can more or less figure it out based on vibe.

Hmm, then let me ask a vocab question.

You're trying to test me?

I-It's not like that…

Just do it.

Okay, then give me synonyms for the following vocab words.

Okay.

'Exquisite.'

Beautiful.

'Ebullient.'

Enthusiastic.

'Annihilate.'

Destroy.

'Converse.'

Talk.

Ding, ding, ding, great job. I'm impressed.

Are you making fun of me? Those were all super easy.

Then here's another question. What letter is in all of the words I just mentioned?

Uh, can you repeat the words?

Nope.

What?!

Ugh, the answer is…

A. E, probably.

B. A, I guess.

C. K, maybe.

It seems like she's looking at English vocabulary flash cards.

Oh right, finals are soon.

But still, she bothered making those things? What a hard worker.

Well, seems like she's trying to focus. I'll leave her alone today.

I decide to remain silent and watch her leave.

Good luck!

And be careful not to walk into traffic.

E, probably.

I'm confident.

Akari grins.

So? I was right, wasn't I?

Yeah, that's right!

You see now?

Yep. Very good, Yuki.

You were just screwing with me with that question. That's not gonna be on the test, is it?

I don't think so.

…

…

Akari.

Hm?

I reach out and flick her playfully on the side of the head.

Hey<rep rep_sweat>

A, I guess.

Akari grimaces.

Wait, isn't that right?

Bzzzzt, no. Too bad!

What? Uh, exquisite, ebullient, annihilate, converse…

Heheh, the answer is E.

Oh, I see. Wait, what the hell? This isn't a quiz show.

Spelling counts on the test. Sorry, but you need to study more!

That got to me a little.

Oh yeah? Then I'll just go home and study.

I walk off.

Oh, Yuki, waiiiiiit!

K, maybe.

I'm not very confident about my answer.

And Akari…

…

Her face tells me I'm wrong.

Never mind, it's A!

Nope!

Then B! C! D! E! F! G! H! I! J…

Geez, of course you'll get it if you name every letter.

Hah, whatever. I just need to speak Japanese. Akari, you handle the English!

Yeesh…

When I leave through the school gate, I spot Akari.

Looks like she's alone. She's not with Shiho today?

I call out to her from behind.

Hey.

Oh, Yuki.

Are you on your way home?

Yep.

Akari nods.

What should I do?

A. Do you want to walk home together?

B. See you later.

Do you want to walk home together?

I asked.

Sure.

Neither of us have any plans, so we decide to take a little detour on our way home.

We walk through the shopping arcade on the way back.

Can we check out that store?

Huh?

Akari points to a fairly large pet shop.

Do you need something from there?

Not really. I just wanted to browse.

Well, that's fine.

We enter the shop.

Oh, look at that!

Akari stoops down to look at a hamster case.

There are several hamsters on the wood chips.

Doesn't Masashi have hamsters?

Yep, and I'm pretty sure they're the same kind.. It says these are winter white dwarf hamsters.

There's more than one type of hamster?

Yeah. Look, there are golden hamsters over here and Roborovski hamsters over there.

They're rats, why do they have to make things complicated?

They're not rats, they're hamsters.

Same thing.

No they're not.

They're just rats without the disease.

No, hamsters are hamsters. They're nothing like rats.

Okay, whatever.

I shrug.

By the way, Yuki…

Yeah?

If you were going to get a pet, what would you get?

A pet? Let's see…

Didn't you used to have a big dog?

Sure.

You never wanted to get another one?

It's too sad when the pet dies.

When it dies?

Yeah, I learned that when Boss died.

I think back to Boss, the dog I had in elementary school.

Boss was a huge white dog. He was a Great Pyrenees, I believe.

He knew how to shake, but his huge paw could almost crush me when I was little.

He was friendly with Akari and Masashi too. We all went on walks together all the time.

But one day, Boss suddenly got ill and passed away.

The shock from that left me depressed for a while.

I didn't even play with Akari or Masashi. I just stayed in my room.

Loving them makes their death hurt that much more, but I wouldn't want a pet I didn't love.

…Yeah.

Akari hangs her head low.

Oh crap.

I'm being depressing.

I panic and try to smile.

But, well, it's sad when they die, but they make you happy while they're around.

I say.

Akari responds with…

That's true.

She nods.

So, if you got another pet, what kind of animal would it be?

Me? Well…

A. It'd have to be a dog.

B. Let's go with a cat.

C. How about a bear?

See you later.

Oh…

Akari speaks up.

What?

Why don't we walk home together?

Oh, I was planning on going somewhere before heading home.

Oh, okay.

See you later.

Okay, bye.

I walk past Akari and leave the school.

It'd have to be a dog.

I answered.

Like Boss?

Sure, a big dog like Boss could be good. A small dog like a Shiba Inu could be nice too.

So you like dogs?

Yeah, they tend to listen to you.

Well, they're loyal.

I like people who listen to people. You should listen to me more, Akari!

O-Okay.

Then, Akari and I walk around the store looking at the various animals.

Let's go with a cat.

I answer.

Why?

First of all, they're lower effort. You don't even have to walk them. They're easy.

Geez…

And having what's essentially a tiny tiger as a pet is cool.

I think cats are more cute than cool.

Well, they're cute too. I like them for being both cool and cute. But I hate cats that don't care about people.

What do you mean?

Like cats that aren't affectionate. Stray cats and such. They're cute when they like you though.

Do you like being shown affection?

Yeah, love it. Do you want to show me some affection?

What?

I was just joking, dummy.

Yeesh…

Then, Akari and I walk around the store looking at the various animals.

How about a bear?

What?

You like bears, right?

Yeah, but real bears are violent.

No they're not. If you raise them from when they're cubs, they grow up to be friendly with people.

Really?

I saw it on TV.

Akari was famous (to me at least) for her love of bears.

I don't know why, but she'd buy anything with a bear on it.

I'm sure a bear cub would be cute! It'd be like a stuffed animal you can play around with.

…

You could even teach it circus tricks if you start early. Just feed it honey and sugar cubes when it does the tricks right. They love sweet stuff.

…

You could give it a red collar or something.

…

Did you just picture all that?

Yeah. A bear might actually be a pretty good pet!

Please don't tell me you seriously believe you could have a pet bear.

Err…

Then, Akari and I walk around the store looking at the various animals.

I'm walking down the hall when I spot Akari up ahead.

Even now that we're in the same class, we still tend to go home separately.

We have cleaning duty at different times, so it isn't always possible to leave at the same time

A. Walk up next to her.

B. Watch her leave.

I pick up the pace and walk up next to Akari.

Hey, how's it going?

Oh, Yuki.

On your way home?

I have cleaning duty first.

Are you starting that now?

Yeah, I'm cleaning the first floor hallway.

The hallway?

It doesn't take very long to clean the hallway.

What should I do?

A. Wait to walk home with her.

B. Tell her goodbye.

Well, when we both come to and leave school together, we run out of things to talk about.

I don't need to go out of my way to bother her.

I watch Akari leave.

Akari, do you want to walk home with me today?

What?

I can wait for you to finish cleaning.

Really?

I'll be by the shoe racks.

Got it, then I'll make it quick.

I wait around for a little while. Then, after cleaning, Akari walks over to me.

*huff, huff* A-All done.

What, did you run here?

I-I didn't want to make you wait too long.

Oh, thanks.

We descend the hill side by side.

With the way we walk both to and from school together, I wouldn't be surprised if people start talking about what a lovey-dovey couple we are.

Well, there's no point in being self-conscious about it at this point.

Oh yeah, so something weird happened on the stairs today.

Something weird?

I think back on what happened during lunch and tell Akari about it.

Huh, that's crazy. Then what Shiho said was true?

I don't know about that, but the window really did shatter to bits.

Could it have been a random strong gust of wind or something?

The other windows weren't affected at all.And that Kotone girl… She knew the glass was going to break. But how could she have known the wind would do that?

Yeah, well, maybe she has some special power.

Do you believe in that kind of thing?

Yeah, I do. There are still plenty of mysteries that science can't explain. What about you, Yuki?

I…

Did having a personal experience with that change your opinion at all? Do you believe in the supernatural?

Well, now…

A. I think I might believe in the supernatural.

B. I still don't think I believe.

C. I'm starting to think I do a little bit.

I can't be bothered to wait.

I'm going home.

Alright, then see you later.

I answer.

Okay, bye.

Akari grins and heads to the hall for cleaning duty.

Well, when we both come to and leave school together, we run out of things to talk about.

I don't want to wait for her just so we can walk home together.

I watch Akari leave.

I think I might believe in the supernatural.

I answer.

I can only assume that something supernatural happened there.

Kotone Himekawa senses something abnormal too.

Well, that's all just intuition though.

Sometimes intuition is more accurate than reason.

What? Since when do you talk that way? Who are you?

I'm Dr. Kamigishi, parapsychologist.

…

…

…

…

Alright, Akari, don't dodge this.

What?

I wind up a slow motion punch.

Just before my fist touches her cheek…

…

Akari dodges to the right.

Damn, one more try.

…

I unleash another slow motion punch.

An instant before it makes contact…

…

Akari dodges to the left.

That gives me an opening.

*flick*

Ah<rep rep_sweat>

I flick her on the side of the head.

Hahaha, you let your guard down.

…

It's easy to deny the existence of the supernatural.

If I didn't have that experience, maybe I would've laughed at the idea.

But something made me feel like I shouldn't just dismiss it.

That's just my intuition talking.

I still don't think so.

I say, making myself perfectly clear.

Not for any particular reason. I'm not denying it's possible or anything. It's just too easy to assume anything you can't immediately explain is supernatural. It's irresponsible.

Akari was right that science still can't explain plenty of things, but that doesn't mean it's supernatural.

If I thought about it more, I'm sure I would be able to come up with plenty of explanations.

I'll believe it when there's more evidence.

…Okay.

At least ninety percent of supernatural phenomena are just people imagining things because they think it'd be interesting.

…Maybe you're right.

I don't want to upset Akari over this.

I decide to drop the subject.

I'm starting to think I do a little bit.

I answer.

Really?

It's hard not to.

I can't say I'm proud of this, but I tend to lean toward being a realist.

I'm not one to believe in these sorts of things.

But real life experiences can change my mind.

I don't know how to explain the unnatural way the window broke.

And… There was what happened with Kurusugawa over spring break too.

Today's incident was nothing compared to what happened that night.

Supernatural phenomena didn't seem so far-fetched anymore.

Hehe.

Akari suddenly laughs.

What?

I feel like I haven't seen you think so seriously about something in a while.

Really?

Yep.

I'm walking down the hill when someone suddenly tugs at the hem of my jacket from behind.

I turned around.

F-Finally… caught up…

It's Akari.

She's wheezing after seemingly having run down the hill.

What the hell are you doing?

*huff, huff* I wanted to…walk home with you…

You didn't have to run.

You walk fast.

Do I?

What should I do?

A. Walk home with her.

B. Sorry, but I need to stop somewhere on the way home.

Then let's walk home together.

I answer.

Okay!

Akari nods happily.

We walk through the shopping arcade on the way back.

We're at a street corner.

Oh, I want one!

Akari comes to a sudden stop.

What's up? Ack, one of those?

There's a cart selling weird plushies.

Yeah, this is Bearachu!

Don't get it. I'm pretty sure this is a bootleg. They wrote it's 'super popular,' but that's obviously a lie.

Hmmm, 1500 yen? Alright, I'll get it!

Akari thinks for just a moment before deciding.

Ack, seriously? It's so ugly.

You think so?

Akari grabs a Bearachu from the wagon and hugs it.

You see these blank eyes? This face? What could be more adorable than this?!

…I think you just like weird stuff.

Hmm, maybe. But look, it's both weird and cute, right?

A. Now that you mention it…

B. It's not cute.

C. Just don't buy it.

Akari.

What?

Sorry, but I need to go somewhere on my way back. We can only walk together till I get there.

Oh, r-really?

But you can come there with me if you want.

Okay then, I'll do that.

We speak briefly about nothing in particular.

Once we reach the shopping arcade, Akari and I part ways.

Now that you mention it, maybe it is kind of cute.

Right?!

My approval convinces her to buy it right away.

Mister, I'll take one of these, please!

I took another, closer look at Bearachu.

…

It's certainly unique.

Got it!

Akari comes back with a Bearachu in a plain plastic bag. She looks delighted.

Despite their alleged popularity, the only empty space in the wagon is from the one Akari bought.

She remains giddy the whole way home.

I just can't see what's cute about it.

Aw, really?

But if you want it that bad, I'm not gonna stop you.

Yep, I want to buy one.

Akari decides to ignore my input and buys a Bearachu.

Mister, I'll take one of these, please!

I took another, closer look at the Bearachu.

…

Nothing can make me find this thing cute.

Got it!

Akari comes back with a Bearachu in a plain plastic bag. She looks delighted.

Selling even one of those is quite the accomplishment.

She remains giddy the whole way home.

Just don't buy it.

I insist.

Aw, why not?

When you look at it again tonight, you'll be depressed. I'm warning you.

But this is the only place you can buy these. They could all be gone by tomorrow.

They won't be.

I'm confident about that.

We arrive at the station.

Awww…

Akari heaves a very dramatic and very deliberate sigh.

Fine, fine… We'll go back.

Really?!

She immediately cheers up.

But you're the one paying for it.

Okay, of course! Yay!

We end up returning to the shopping arcade.

Well, I'm going to go buy my Bearachu.

Akari gleefully heads to the cart.

Mister, I'll take one of these, please!

I can't believe how depressed she gets over being told not to buy a Bearachu.

She gets stressed over the weirdest things, and that stresses me out too.

However, Akari hardly ever asks for anything. Why get so fixated on this?

What's so appealing about Bearachu?

Got it!

Akari comes back with a Bearachu in a plain plastic bag. She looks delighted.

As I watch, another high school girl buys one.

Could it be that they're actually popular?!

She remains giddy the whole way home.

It's pretty hot today.

Most people aren't wearing jackets.

But the rain from earlier helps to make the weather a little more bearable.

I'm nearing the stairs when…

Oh, Yuki.

Akari happens to walk over.

Hey.

Are you heading home?

Sure am. What about you?

So am I, but I wanted to go up to the roof for a bit first.

The roof?

Do you want to come with, Yuki?

Uh, for what?

Hehe, you'll find out when we get there.

Akari seems amused.

What should I do?

A. Go to the roof.

B. Go home.

Well, it's not like I have anything else to do.

I might as well go with her.

So, why are we going up there?

You'll find out.

Akari giggles.

You're really hyping this up.

I mutter as we climb the stairs.

*creak*

I open the door to the roof.

Oooh…

I understand at once.

There's a rainbow.

The arc of colors stretches across the clear blue sky to the east.

It must be because of the rain earlier.

Now that I think about it, it was exactly the sort of light shower that tended to make rainbows.

The rainbow is on the opposite side of the building from the windows in the classroom, so I had no idea.

Is this what you wanted to see?

Yep.

Akari grins and nods.

Aren't you glad we came?

I mean, yeah.

Look closely.

Hm?

There's another fainter rainbow above the first one.

I see, a double rainbow.

It's barely visible, but a faint rainbow is above the clearer one.

I feel like it's been a while since I saw a rainbow.

I look up at the sky and murmur.

Heheh, we saw them all the time as kids though..

Stepping lightly forward, Akari says…

I doubt the frequency of rainbows has gone down or anything, though. I just stopped noticing them.

Maybe we have less opportunities to see them now.

Maybe.

Seeing rainbows less and less as you get older feels like something from a fairy tale.

Akari walks around the roof, avoiding the puddles.

Hey, Yuki.

Hm?

What do you think rainbows are?

Uh, they're sunlight reflecting off of water droplets―

That's not what I mean. If you didn't know the scientific explanation, what would you think that rainbow was when you saw it?

What? I dunno, light?

I feel like I'd think it's a bridge. One that goes to some mysterious land.

Well, that's a nice fantasy.

But I'm sure lots of people used to think that. Maybe there were people who traveled to the rainbow believing that land was real.

Maybe people a long time ago used to think like that.

Hehe, you can only say that because you know what rainbows are. If I didn't, maybe I'd travel to the rainbow too. I'd want to see what was at the other end.

That'd be a lot of work for nothing.

But if that world did exist, and I never came back, what would you do?

I'm not sure.

Would you come after me?

What?

She's going on about another ridiculous hypothetical again.

Akari does this all the time.

I almost ask her why she'd ask such a question, but this is a regular thing with her, so I just roll with it.

I'd probably go after you, I guess.

Really?

That land wouldn't actually be real, so I imagine you'd be passed out somewhere.

…

Akari looks a little conflicted.

But you'd come after me either way?

I'd rather not have to, so I'd stop you before you left.

But if I insisted on going, what would you do?

I'd give up and let you go.

Hehe, then I wouldn't go.

What the hell?

I wouldn't want to leave you behind. I'd worry.

For real? That's your conclusion?

Hehehe.

*splash*

Akari steps in a puddle.

She seems to be having fun stomping on the rainbow's reflections.

She's gonna get her socks wet.

*splash*

*splash*

What's so fun about this to her?

*splash*

Ah!

I knew it. Her socks are soaked.

I watch Akari, and…

A. I think about how clumsy she is.

B. I think about how easy she is to please.

C. I think about how dog-like she is.

Sorry, but I'm going home. I'll pass.

Really?

Akari looks a bit disappointed.

Then just look out the window for a second.

Hm?

I do as she asks.

Oh, a rainbow?

There's a pretty rainbow in the sky to the east.

It must be because of the rain earlier.

Now that I think about it, it was exactly the sort of light shower that tended to make rainbows.

Isn't it pretty?

Sure, I guess.

That's all I wanted to show you. See you later.

Akari climbs the stairs to the roof by herself.

I think about how clumsy she can be.

And then, Akari says…

You were just thinking about how clumsy I am, weren't you?

Somehow, she's spot on.

How could you tell?

I just could. You always have that look in your eyes when you call me clumsy.

What look?

When you say I'm clumsy, your eyes say 'whatever.'

My eyes say whatever?

Is that how I look when I look at Akari?

I see. That's observant of you.

I answer.

Well, I have known you for sixteen years, remember.

Akari smiles.

We look at the rainbow until it disappears, and then we walk home together.

I can't believe how excited she gets over that rainbow.

She's so easy to please.

Whoever ends up dating her is gonna have it easy.

You don't have to spend much on presents when free stuff like this can satisfy her.

What are you thinking about?

Why do you ask?

You've been staring at me.

Oh, I was just thinking about how childish you still are.

What? Y-You think I'm childish?

We look at the rainbow until it disappears, and then we walk home together.

Akari really does remind me of a dog.

It's easy to see her that way.

Alright, I'm gonna try something.

Hey, Akari, Akari. Come over here.

I beckon her over.

What?

Akari senses that I'm acting weird and goes on the alert.

C'mon, just come here.

…Okay.

Akari walks slowly over to me.

Shake.

I hold out my hand.

What?

Shake.

Yuki…

Shake.

On the third attempt, Akari finally puts her right hand on mine.

Other hand.

Akari goes ahead and puts the other hand on top.

Alright, chin.

What?

Chin. Your chin.

I don't understand.

Chin!

Akari gives in and tries to set her chin on top of her hands.

I pull my hand away.

Ah…<rep rep_sweat>

She stumbles for a second before straightening up.

Don't do everything you're told. It's not smart.

Geez…

We look at the rainbow until it disappears, and then we walk home together.

I walk into the hallway just as Akari walks by.

She doesn't notice me at all.

What should I do?

A. Stop her.

B. Wave goodbye.

I wave goodbye.

She walks down the hall without noticing me.

Hey, Akari.

I follow behind her.

What?

Are you heading home?

Yep.

Then let's walk home together.

Okay!

Akari nods happily.

Hey, Akari…

What?

I've got some questions for you.

What kind of questions?

Different kinds. I'll go through them one by one.

Okay.

First, what do you want to be when you're older?

What do I want to be?

Yeah, you're already two years into high school. I'm sure you must've thought about it at least a little.

Hmmm…

Akari pondered the question.

Realistically, I guess I'd get some regular office job. Although, I can’t help but admire a job that involves mentoring people, like a school teacher. I also wouldn't mind being a chef or a designer…

You can only pick one!

Oh, then secretary to the CEO of some company.

That's nothing like any of the other things you listed.

W-Well, there are a lot of things I'd like to try.

Man… Well, next question. If you had a hundred million yen, what would you spend it on?

What?

Three, two, one…

I-I'd save it! In a bank.

You'd save it? Then, next question. What's the most expensive meal you know of?

P-Peking duck! Maybe?

Huh, Peking duck?

Foie gras? Caviar? Maybe truffles?

You can only pick one!

P-Peking duck.

Peking duck, then. Next question. You see a large hamper, a small hamper, and a medium hamper. If you could only take one home with you, which would you pick?

The small hamper.

Next question. You and two others go to a chanko nabe hot pot restaurant. How many people does the hot pot you order serve?

Three people.

Last question. Do you stand up straight to face the Sun?

Yes. Or maybe at a slant?

I have your diagnosis.

Diagnosis…?

You…

I…?

A. You're completely normal.

B. You should get life insurance.

C. Tonight…

You're completely normal.

What?

You have no big aspirations for the future and your whole life will be average. In your past life, you were Village Girl A.

Village Girl A?

Yes.

But I might be able to do something big if I worked hard enough.

No way.

Y-You can't be sure about that.

Your life will be uneventful.

It could be a little interesting…

No!

…

You should get life insurance.

L-Life insurance?! Is my life in danger?!

Heh heh, who knows?

Was there any logic to those questions? They were just totally random, weren't they?

Heh heh, who knows?

C'mon, tell me!

This is the only advice I can give you. Get life insurance.

Tonight…

T-Tonight…?!

Oh, never mind, I can't tell you.

What<rep rep_sweat>

But now that you've listened to all my questions, it's your turn next.

Huh?

Hahaha, bye.

I run off.

Aah?! W-Wait, wait! Yukiiiiiiiiiiii!

Akari chases frantically after me.

Running back means I get home earlier than usual.

Maybe I'll head home now.

I see Akari when I walk out of the building.

It looks like she's waiting for someone.

Hey.

Oh, Yuki.

Waiting for someone?

For Shiho, yeah. We were planning to check out a new shop on the way home.

What shop?

It's a cake shop.

So you're looking to wreck your health?

Geez, you don't have to be mean!

Mean? It's a warning.

Their cakes are supposed to be delicious though. Shiho highly recommends them.

She exaggerates everything.

Do you want to come with?

Me?

Yep.

I dunno.

C'mon, come with us.

For cake, of all things? Hmm…

A. Might as well.

B. I'll pass.

Well, I guess cake could be alright once in a while.

Yeah, it's fine once in a while.

But you invited me, so you're paying.

Aw, what?

That was when Shiho showed up.

Oh, there you are. Sorry, Akari, were you waiting a long time?

Shiho, what took you so long?

Well, I'm very popular. The people just wouldn't let me leave.

Bah, as if you're that popular.

Oh, if it isn't the supreme commander of the Go-Straight-Home Club? You're here too?

Why shouldn't I be, supreme commander of the Go-Make-A-Detour Club?

You made that club up!

Only after you made a club up!

Aw, are you two arguing again already?

Akari mumbled, smiling wryly.

Anyway, Shiho, Yuki says he wants to get cake with us.

Oh? You do?

Hey, don't give her the wrong idea. You begged me to go!

Well, sort of, but…

You're making it sound like I was desperate to go. What do you think I am? A cake freak?

But it's not like you hate sweets, right?

Well, no, but that's not the point!

Come now, liking sweets is nothing to be ashamed of.

Are you listening to me?!

Ah!

…

For as long as I've known you…

S-Sorry, Yuki.

…

I've never been able to tell if you're listening to me or not.

Ah!

What's with the shouting, Shiho?

What's wrong?

I just remembered I've got something urgent to take care of!

Something urgent?

Yep, sorry. I can't go with you guys.

Aw, really?

I've got such a packed schedule that I tend to forget things.

Maybe don't make commitments you can't keep.

Well, sorry, you'll have to hang out with this loudmouth instead.

Loudmouth? Who are you to talk?

I can say whatever I want! You're not the boss of me!

Ugh, fine, just quiet down.

See you later!

Shiho leaves.

…

…

…

…

So what is it that she needs to do?

Who knows?

How about we follow her and find out?

What?

You want to know what she's doing too, right?

Um, but I think that'd be wrong.

Do you want to go or not? I'm going.

Oh, wait, Yuki!

Doesn't seem like she's in a hurry.

Yuki, can we not?

Quiet. You're such a goody two-shoes! If you don't want to, you can go home. Bye.

Ah!

What's she just wandering around for?

Maybe she's just killing time waiting for someone.

Maybe.

Okay.

…

…

So you ended up coming with me. Couldn't control your curiosity either, could you?

Oh, uh…

She's going to the arcade now?

She's trying to win a plushie.

…

…

Hah, she sucks. The claw dropped it.

She's hitting the machine… The staff is gonna get mad at her!

Looks like she's trying again. She's wasting her money. Some machines are just rigged.

But Shiho's surprisingly good at those games.

How? She can't focus on anything.

Look, she got it!

Well, that'll happen if you try enough times.

Oh, she's going inside.

Alright, let's go in too.

What?

What are you confused about? This is when we really get started. Maybe she's meeting up with her boyfriend in there or something.

Then we should really leave her alone.

You can do that. I'm going in.

Oh, w-wait.

…

Hey, Yuki.

Where'd she go?

I still think this is wrong.

It's not like we're breaking the law.

We're invading her privacy.

It's fine. It's not like she doesn't invade everyone's privacy.

Hey, what's the big idea?

Ack.

Shiho.

What are you two doing? Weren't you gonna get cake?

Shiho says, clearly fed up with us.

What about you? Don't you have some urgent business?

Y-Yeah, I do.

Haha, what? Getting that plushie?

Do you have a problem with that?!

N-Not really. What are you getting so mad about?

I'm not mad.

Could it be…?

She didn't actually need to do anything, and she just wanted to let us be alone?

Hah, I see.

That's dumb.

Then did you do what you needed to do?

What?

I'm just asking if your business is taken care of.

Well, sure.

Then how about we go get some cake?

…

You highly recommend this place, and you're pretty in the know about these things, right?

Yep, it's delicious!

Then we'll see if you have good taste. I'm not expecting much.

Well, you're not gonna like it if you have bad taste.

We'll see.

Whatever. Anyway, since you're begging me to go, you're gonna pay, right?

What?!

Well, you invited me, Shiho. That means you're paying for mine.

And you're paying for mine, Akari.

If I'm not paying, I think I'll try the most expensive thing they've got.

Me too!

Then I'll get two of them.

And the most expensive drink too.

Me too.

Alright, then I'll get that and also…

…

…

…

Actually, I'm pretty tight on cash this month. Do you mind paying for yourself?

Sure.

Good idea.

And so, the three of us go and get cake.

As for the flavor…

Although I try to hide my reaction from Shiho, Akari's able to figure out that I like the cake.

I'd be willing to go back.

I'll pass.

I tell her.

Only girls go to those places. I don't like cake enough to go out of my way for it.

Really? I'm sure it'll be good.

If you…

I was going to say I'd consider it if she paid, but I decide against it.

She would probably agree to it.

Well, enjoy your girls' night. Bye.

Okay, bye.

Akari looks a bit disappointed as she waves.

Spring's almost over.

I gaze absentmindedly out the window after class until I start to feel sleepy.

A. Take a nap.

B. Get it together and head home.

I can't deal with this.

I'm taking a nap.

When I'm this unbearably tired, there's only one thing to do.

Just for ten minutes.

It'll only be for ten minutes.

Mmm…?

The sky is red.

Is it sunset?

My eyes sting…

Wha?!

Sunset?!

The days are long in spring, and it's sunset?!

What the hell?!

How many hours was I asleep?!

A moment later, I raise my head off the desk.

And then…

Hehe, hello.

A-Akari?!

I see Akari grinning.

What are you doing?

I was waiting for you.

For me?

Yeah. I didn't want to wake you up.

You should've. What time is it?

They just said school's closing soon, so I think it's around six.

Six?! Seriously?! What am I?! The king of sleep?!

It's fine. I'm sure you had a nice dream.

I don't even remember my dreams.

Well, you looked happy.

Were you watching my face while I slept this whole time?

Yeah, the whole time.

…

Hehe, you were cute.

Akari…

What?

Can you come over here?

Hm?

Akari approaches me.

I…

A. Flick her forehead.

B. Tug her ear.

C. Pinch her cheek.

No way am I wasting my after school time by sleeping.

I'm going home.

Okay! Here I go!

Wake up, body!

I'm not losing precious time over this!

*pip*

Aah<rep rep_sweat>

I flick Akari's forehead.

Why, you…

Owwwww…

I tug on Akari's ear.

Hey!

Ee, eep<rep rep_sweat>

I pinch Akari's cheek.

Aaaah, geez, what are you doing<rep rep_sweat>

I'm going home.

I grab my bag, rise from my seat, and leave the classroom with Akari.

Nobody's here. I guess that makes sense.

Considering the time, yeah. I'm sure everyone's gone home except some of the kids in after school clubs.

Yeah.

Anyway, the days are getting pretty long.

Well, we're already at the end of April.

Yeah, true.

I've seen this hill a million times, but it feels like a whole different place at sunset.

Mm-hmm…

Hehe, it's gotten dark.

You seem amused.

Oh, do I?

We reach my house.

Bye, be careful on the way home. Not that you have that far to go.

Okay, thanks. Bye!

Akari smiles and waves before returning home.

Now then…

I guess I'll get changed and go buy dinner.

I don't see a lot of houses putting carp streamers up on Children's Day anymore.

I think, making random observations as I pass the bookstore.

Oh, Yuki.

Hey, what a coincidence.

I run into Akari.

She's holding a bag with a book she just bought.

What'd you get?

Oh, this? Hehe, check it out<rep rep_heart>

Akari takes the book out.

The Complete Guide to Hokkaido?

I read the title aloud.

Yeah, to do some research before the school trip.

You always put too much effort into things.

Were you going to buy something too?

No, I was just passing by. Do you want to walk home with me?

Okay, let's do it.

Akari and I reach the park.

Hey, so…

What is it?

Let's sit there and read this book.

Akari points to a bench.

Sure.

It would probably be good for me to do a little research on Hokkaido too.

We're supposed to have some free time on the school trip, and I don't want to waste it wandering around at random.

I sit on the bench with Akari, who shows me the guidebook.

Man, there's a lot of cool stuff in Hokkaido.

We're going here, here, here, here, and…

Why did the Hokkaido bear cross the road? 'Cause he heard the fish were jumping on the other side!

…

I know. It was a bad joke. Just move on.

Okay, um, so on the last day we have free time in Sapporo.

Where should we go?

The clock tower would be the obvious choice.

Too obvious. You get the same experience from looking at photos anyway.

I guess so.

You have to get some fresh crab in Hokkaido.

Sure. We're getting lunch on our own, so it'd be nice to get something yummy.

We can only eat so much, so we better plan that well.

And that'll be the time to buy souvenirs too.

We can just buy souvenirs around the hotel at night.

But I want to be able to take my time and pick something.

Doesn't everyone get the same souvenir from Hokkaido?

What?

Usually it's…

A. A bear.

B. Canned crab.

C. The white stuff.

A bear, right?

A whole bear?

No, like, a little wooden bear.

Oh, yeah, right.

Obviously not a real one.

How would you bring that on a plane?

Well, that's the most standard choice. When you go to Hokkaido, you want a bear.

I totally want a wooden bear too. One of the Kuma Bokko ones. They're made with the growth rings of trees and they're super cute.

It delights your bear-loving heart?

Yeah. As a collector, it's a critical piece of any collection.

Huh, the way of the bear is deep.

It is. There are even stores that sell nothing but bear merchandise. Just the other day, I…

Our Hokkaido conversation suddenly turned into Akari going on about bear merchandise.

Canned crab.

But you can get that at the convenience store in the neighborhood.

But buying it there means something. You could buy some little knickknack, but what do you even do with that? It just gets in the way.

M-Maybe.

Food's the best choice. It makes people happy. If you told a person, 'Hey, I brought you some crab from Hokkaido!' they'd be overjoyed.

But still…

Try giving them a knickknack. Nowhere to put it, but you can't just throw it away. It could just seem like a nuisance to some people.

You're exaggerating.

So yeah, get canned crab. Give it to me. I want crab.

You keep talking about crab. Do you love crab that much?

I like it a normal amount. But it's only natural to start craving it when you talk about it this much, right?

I guess so.

But this pretty much settles what we should do with our free time.

Hm?

We're gonna eat till we can't eat anymore.

I don't think I can spend a whole half a day eating.

The conversation turned toward food in general.

I'm craving crab.

You know. The white stuff.

White stuff?

Yeah, the snack 98% of people take home from Hokkaido.

What?

Well, I mean those cookies with white chocolate.

Oh, I've had those.

Right? It's the souvenir everyone gets. The Hokkaido equivalent of Hawaii's Macadamia nut chocolate.

But it's not much fun if it's what everyone gets.

You're giving it away anyway, right? You just buy some and hand it out, and everyone likes it. Picking out something unique for everyone would take forever.

Are you going to buy those cookies, Yuki?

No, I hate doing what's typical.

I knew you'd say that.

We keep reading the book and chatting.

I walk down to the first floor.

Yuki.

Akari catches up from behind and walks in front of me.

What? Need something?

Are you free right now?

A. Yeah, why?

B. I'm busy.

Yeah, why?

I wanted to talk about our free time on the school trip.

Akari shows me a book.

The Complete Guide to Hokkaido?

This is the book you bought yesterday, huh. Did you do some research?

Yep.

Akari grins.

Alright, then tell me all about our binge eating tour.

We're not doing that.

Akari opens the guidebook.

The page on Sapporo, where we were scheduled to have free time, has a bunch of check marks written in pink marker.

What would you recommend?

Um, so first we'll check out the Clark statue at Hokkaido University, then stop by Seikatei, a building famous for its architecture, and then we'll go to the Hokkaido University Botanical Gardens.

Okay.

Then we can go to the former Hokkaido Government Office, the clock tower, the Sapporo TV tower, and…

Are we just gonna go everywhere?

What?

If we spend all our time moving from place to place, we won't have time to really take in the sights.

Y-You think so?

We only have half a day.

I just want to take the opportunity to see as much as possible and get photos.

So she wants a photo album of tourist destinations or what?

Why not just pick the places you for sure want to go and go to those?

Okay, maybe that works.

Then where do you want to go?

Well, lots of places, but if I had to pick just one, it would be the bear park.

The bear park?

They're supposed to take care of bear cubs there. I wanna see them.

Then why not go?

Well, it's not in Sapporo. It's in Noboribetsu. We'd have to travel all the way there and all the way back.

Then it's not happening.

Yeah, I think you're right.

…

…

…

…

Do you really want to see the bears?

What? Y-Yeah, I mean, Hokkaido is famous for its bears.

Their natural habitat?

Is there no closer place with bears?

Hm, I'm not sure.

Give me that.

I snatch the guidebook from Akari and flip through it.

Uhhh, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears…

…

Bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears…

Um, never mind, I can see bears at the zoo here.

But you want to see them there, right?

What?

It's worth it to you to see bears in their natural habitat, yeah? Oh, there's this place near Sapporo called Kakuyama Park. There's a zoo there. Want to go?

Oh, really?

Looks like they have 1,300 different animals of 210 different species. I'm sure they have bears.

Oh, yeah, I'm sure they do.

Akari immediately cheers up.

Alright, then we can spend a couple of hours on that. Then we need to get some local food.

Of course.

We keep talking about our plans for the school trip.

Neither of us commit to anything, but whatever we decide to do, we plan on doing it together.

Well, Masashi and Shiho will likely be joining us too.

All that's left now is to wait for the trip to start.

We don't have long to go.

I can't wait.

Golden Week is first, though.

I'm busy.

Oh…

Akari's disappointed.

Maybe that's a little cold.

What? Do you need me for something?

No, it doesn't have to be right now. I can call you later.

Oh yeah? Then see you later.

Okay, see you.

I wave and walk away.

It looks like she's holding a book. What is it?

Well, she said it's not urgent. It's probably nothing important.

Yuki.

…

Yuki, um, so tomorrow… Oh…

I put my shoes on, ignore Akari, and leave the school.

Yuki.

…

Um…

…

I quickly turn away…

and walk off.

Yuki, wait!

Akari runs over and grabs my right hand.

…!

I feel a rush of pain, and frantically pull my hand away.

What? I-Is your hand hurt?

…

D-Did that happen last night?

Akari.

What?

Could you not talk to me for a while?

Yuki…

I turn away from Akari and walk off again.

Yuki!

I ignore her.

It's break time.

When I get back from the bathroom, I'm stopped at the entrance to the classroom by someone unexpected.

Fujita.

It's the Class Rep.

Oh, what's up? I don't hear from you often.

I respond casually, but she maintains her usual detached attitude.

I'm looking for Kamigishi.

She gets straight to the point.

She's never much fun.

Akari? I don't know where she is. She's not in the classroom?

She's not.

Then I know as much as you do.

She's not with you?

Nope.

I see.

She looks down and tries to walk right past me.

Hey, do you have a second?

…

She stops and turns around.

Just so you know, it's not like I'm always with Akari.

Aren't you two dating?

Excuse me?

I give her a weird look.

Looks like someone else has the wrong idea.

We're not really…

I'm about to deny it, but then I start to have some doubts and stop myself.

We don't see ourselves as a couple, but it looks that way from the outside.

Maybe that means we actually are essentially dating and we just don't realize it.

If so, hmmm…

What? Spit it out already.

She gives  me a stern look.

This is clearly a misunderstanding, so I…

A. I deny it.

B. I don't deny it.

I deny it.

Akari's just a childhood friend of mine. We get along, but it's not like we're dating.

I don't want anyone to get the wrong idea about us.

…

The Class Rep looks a little surprised.

Huh, I see.

And with that, she leaves.

Maybe she doesn't really care if we're dating or not.

…

Not that it should matter to me what she thinks either.

Hmmm…

Still, her response irks me a little.

Wait, does that mean I like the Class Rep?

I didn't deny it.

It should have been easy enough to say she wasn't my girlfriend, but for some reason my mouth resisted forming the words.

…

What? Were you trying to say something?

No, forget it.

I smile and dodge the question.

Interesting.

The Class Rep mutters.

Well, she sits close enough to me that she must have some idea about our relationship.

We're close enough that it's easy to think we're dating.

Well, whenever you see Kamigishi, tell her that Mr. Watanabe wants to see her in the faculty room.

Oh, sure.

And with that, she leaves.

Hmmm…

Maybe she really doesn't care if we were dating or not.

Well, I haven't known her for long. We just happen to sit near each other.

Of course she doesn't care.

What's wrong? You're spacing out.

I turn around and see Akari.

Where were you?

I was with Shiho.

I see.

Why do you ask?

No reason.

Hm?

Hey, Akari…

What is it?

What do you think our relationship looks like to other people?

What?

The abrupt question seems to startle her.

Our relationship? Hmm…

She's stumped.

Well, it's not important. Anyway, Mr. Watanabe wants to talk to you in the faculty room.

Oh, when?

Now, I assume. The Class Rep was looking for you to tell you that.

Oh, okay.

So, now I've told you for her.

Oh, Yuki.

I return to the classroom without Akari.

I kind of regret surprising her with that question.

It's break time.

I'm rubbing my tired eyes and walking out into the hallway when someone speaks to me from behind.

Hehe, you look sleepy.

It's Akari.

Yeah, I was struggling not to fall asleep for the whole last hour.

Especially near the end. You got close to nodding off a few times.

Tch, don't watch me.

Hehehe.

Well, I'll go wash my face with some cold water to wake myself up.

Do you have a handkerchief?

Yep.

I actually didn't, but I say I do anyway before heading to the bathroom.

Once I'm at the stairs…

Hey, Hiroyuki!

Someone else stops me.

That cheery voice could only belong to one person.

Hey, Lemmy.

Hiroyuki, you look like you're all hunched up.

Do I?

And you look tired. Are you getting enough shut-eye?

No, and spring has sprung, but I'm just glum.

Hiroyuki, I didn't know you were a rapper!

I'm just describing the problem…

By the way, Hiroyuki…

Lemmy tries to change the subject.

What?

You were just talking to Akari, right?

Yeah.

You two have always been pretty close.

Yeah, you could say that.

There's something I always wanted to ask about that.

What?

What's your relationship with her?

What do you mean?

Are you dating or are you just friends?

What do you want to know for?

Just tell me.

If we're dating or just friends?

Yes!

Man, this is sudden…

Well, I might as well answer.

Let's see…

A. Obviously we're friends.

B. Maybe we're actually dating.

Obviously we're friends. Why do you need to ask?

Really?

Why would I lie? She's just a childhood friend.

Lemmy seems content with that. She nods.

I'm so glad to hear that!

What?

Phew, that's such a relief!

But why? Haha, you say some weird stuff.

Later, Hiroyuki!

H-Hey, wait.

I don't know why, but Lemmy gleefully runs off.

What the hell was that about?

I think about it for a bit.

The most accurate answer would be neither, but I only have the two options to choose from.

Hmmm…

If it has to be one or the other, then I guess friend feels a little off.

So, by process of elimination…

Maybe we actually are dating.

I joke.

What?! Are you serious?

Lemmy seems excessively shocked.

I dunno. I'm not too sure either. We've been together for a long time, so it can be hard to tell.

Right, I can't compete with someone you've known for so long.

What?

I'm still sad, though…

Shoulders slumping forward, she mutters to herself.

Hey, what's up? You're not acting like yourself today.

I should go.

Lemmy turns her back to me and trudges off.

Uh, hey…

She keeps walking without turning back.

What'd I say that's so shocking?

Hey, you, don't just stand there. You're in the way.

Shiho approaches.

Ugh, you?

What's your problem? And what happened with Lemmy?

No idea. I just casually say that maybe Akari and I are dating, and then she got like that.

Dating, huh?

Just as a joke.

You did study with her.

That's just studying. Whatever, I don't have time for this.

Why'd you joke about it in the first place?

I should've just ignored you.

Don't be that way! Anyway, Lemmy probably just felt sick.

Sure, let's go with that.

I shoo Shiho away.

But she won't leave.

Or maybe, y'know, she's into you and your joke hurt her.

Hurt her?

Yep.

Really, though?

Maybe it did, but I was just kidding around.

Who gets that worked up over a joke?

Either that or Lemmy's into Akari.

That's ridiculous. You're so dumb.

D-Dumb?!

Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.

Screeeeeeeeeeee!

Hmmm…

Well, I don't know why, but I guess I hurt Lemmy's feelings.

During the third period break, I head to the stairs to buy a cafe au lait when…

Where are you going?

I come across Akari.

The vending machine.

I wave and try to walk past her.

Oh, wait.

She stops me.

What?

Hold on.

Akari gets closer and reaches as if to put a hand on my shoulder.

Um…

…

Got it. There was a little lint on there.

Oh, thanks.

No problem.

Akari returns to the classroom.

I turn to descend the stairs, but…

…

Kotone is there.

She must have come down from the floor above us.

Hey, Kotone.

I smile.

Hello.

Kotone quietly greets me back.

We've been seeing each other at school a lot lately.

I was just gonna go buy a cafe au lait.

I nonchalantly walk over to Kotone.

We descend the stairs together.

Um, Fujita…

When we get to the first floor, Kotone speaks up.

Hm?

I'm sorry, but that person you were with…

Akari?

Kotone nods.

What about her?

Well, um, are you and her… Um, are you dating?

She asks in a barely audible whisper.

Are we dating?

Um, yeah…

So you want to know if she's my girlfriend?

Yes.

Kotone nods.

Apparently, she's curious for some reason.

I should probably answer honestly.

Well…

A. She might be my girlfriend.

B. She's not my girlfriend.

She might be my girlfriend.

I look up at the ceiling as I answer.

What?

Maybe we're just not conscious of it and we naturally ended up in a relationship.

I see… I figured.

Kotone looks down at the floor.

Is that what it looks like?

Yes, you seem very comfortable with each other.

Well, we've known each other forever.

I'm kind of jealous.

Kotone mumbles.

Well, I'll be going this way.

Okay. Then…goodbye.

I wave and part ways with Kotone.

She's not my girlfriend.

I almost laugh when I deny it.

Really?

Yeah, we're just childhood friends. Kind of like family, I guess. That's why we're together a lot.

Like family?

Well, let's say that I'm currently accepting girlfriends.

Oh, y-yes, I'll keep that in mind.

I awkwardly smile at her excessive politeness.

Hahaha, well, take care. I'm going this way.

Okay. Then…goodbye.

I wave and part ways with Kotone.

During the break between first and second period…

Akari and I are chatting about what we watched on TV yesterday.

And then…

Fujita.

I turn and see Aoi.

Hey.

I wave.

Hello.

Aoi nods hello.

Hello, Aoi.

Oh, hello, um, Kamigishi.

They only run into each other in the morning sometimes, so I'm surprised that Aoi remembers Akari's name.

What brings you here?

Oh, nothing, I was just passing through.

I'm gonna head to class.

Okay.

Aoi watches Akari return to the classroom.

Fujita…

Hm?

Are you and Kamigishi dating?

What?

Oh, I'm sorry. You're so close that I thought you might be.

Me and Akari?

I almost laugh.

Oh, umm…

Well, Akari and I…

A. I guess you could say it's something like that.

B. We're just childhood friends.

I guess you could say it's something like that.

I watched Akari talk to a friend in the classroom as I answered.

We don't see it like that, but maybe it looks that way to everyone else.

R-Really?

Somewhat perturbed, Aoi looks away.

But still…

Oh, um, I'm sorry. Excuse me.

Uh, hey, Aoi…

I call out to Aoi, but she keeps running down the hall.

Hmmm, seems like she took that as more than it was.

Well, we're more than just old friends, so it's not necessarily inaccurate.

But Aoi doesn't know what our relationship is like, so maybe I should've been more clear.

Hmmm…

The bell rings.

We're just childhood friends.

I respond.

Childhood friends?

Yeah. We live in the same neighborhood, so we've known each other for a while. We're kind of like family.

So that's it?

Yeah. Why do you ask?

Never mind, it's nothing.

What? You're weird.

The bell rings.

Oh, see you later.

Aoi nods goodbye and hurries to the freshman classrooms.

Alright, second period is starting.

Yo, Fujita.

Shiho walks over as I'm exiting the school gate.

What?

How are you handling finals? Hm?

She pats my shoulder.

Seems like you're having fun, as usual.

Is she worried about something?

Tsk tsk tsk, it's not that every day is fun. I just have fun every day.

That's the same thing.

No it's not! The world is boring, and I'm going out of my way to make it fun.

Then it's fun, ultimately.

Well, you could say that!

Stupid.

It's not stupid. Anyway, wanna hang out today?

You really are stupid. I know school's out early because of finals, but we shouldn't be screwing around.

You sound like a teacher.

I'm not saying you have to go home and study, but I have my own things to do. Find someone else to hang out with.

Don't be like that! You're just gonna nap or watch videos or something, right? Let me join in!

Shiho's pretty sharp.

We've been friends for years, so she knows me well.

A. Fine then.

B. Entertain yourself.

Fine then.

I was just going to screw around anyway.

All that would change was where I was going to hang out.

Alright, then where are we going?

What, you didn't have anywhere in mind?

I'm letting you pick!

So she says, but she probably already has plans.

She's a quick thinker when it comes to having fun.

A. You pick.

B. Then I'll decide.

You pick.

I can't be bothered to think about it, so I defer to her.

I know she already has an idea.

What, there's nowhere you wanna go?

I'll go wherever you want.

Oh, so anywhere?

Aside from anywhere silly like another country or space.

I get ahead of any jokes of that sort.

Lame!

I agree, you're lame.

Then want to take a walk or something?

A walk?

I didn't predict that.

What? Not interested?

It's fine, it's just pretty plain coming from you.

You think I just want excitement all the time, don't you?

I do, yeah.

I nod.

How naive. Naive as a little baby.

What are you talking about?

I know things can be different. You can't judge things as exciting or plain on a surface level.

Yeah, sure.

What, you don't get it?

Sure, sure, I know things can be different.

I'm really not sure you get it.

I don't.

Whatever, where do you want to take a walk?

Over here.

We chat as we walk toward Shiho's house.

…How cute. Don't get any weird ideas.

I won't.

Oh, how about we rest around here? I've taken a liking to this place lately.

Shiho points to the riverside.

This isn't like you at all. You like a place like this?

What do you mean? Even I like soothing my wounded heart in quiet places.

Sure, sure. But what wounded heart?

We go down to the edge of the river.

Mmm, the air's nice here.

Shiho takes a deep breath.

Yeah.

The sun feels nice too.

It puts me in a good mood too.

Chilling here makes me not even care about finals anymore.

That's not good.

I just want to be a student forever!

That could be alright.

We spend two hours hanging out by the river.

It's nice to relax once in a while.

If only we didn't have finals to take.

Alright, the arcade. That's your next favorite place after karaoke, right?

You're gonna go to the arcade while finals are going on?

You're the one who asked to hang out.

Nahaha, I'm just kidding around. Sounds good to me. Not like it'll affect our grades or anything.

I don't think yours can get any worse anyway.

Hey, you'll be joining me down here soon. If I'm going down, I'm taking you with me.

Don't be stupid. Just because you're done for doesn't mean I am too.

We have a not entirely-serious conversation on the way to the arcade, where we hang out for a couple of hours.

We part ways some time after that, but knowing Shiho, I'm not sure if she'll go straight home or not.

No way. Entertain yourself.

What?! You're just gonna laze around at home!

It doesn't take two people to laze around at home.

What a dumb thing to say<rep rep_sweat>

It's the kind of thing you'd say.

I ditch Shiho and go straight home.

You suck!

March 27th.

It's the third day of supplementary classes.

A bunch of students with bad grades assemble in classroom 2-A.

A glance around the classroom provides a comprehensive look at the worst students in our year.

Man, what a hopeless bunch. (Myself included)

The supplementary classes consist of printed worksheets.

I can sleep through most classes, but I actually have to do something if worksheets are involved.

Left with no other choice, I fill them out in earnest.

…

Hmmm…

I get the easy questions out of the way in no time, but then there are some I have no idea about.

The worksheets cover material from all classes, so I can't just avoid the subjects I struggle with.

And unfortunately for me, I struggle with most subjects.

Now I'm stuck.

This is annoying.

What's the point of this anyway?

It's pointless to make the kids who did poorly on tests do worksheets that are no different from the tests themselves.

Just thinking about it annoys me.

If I don't know something, no amount of thinking is gonna help!

Oh yeah, how's Shiho doing?

She's gotta be stumped and frustrated.

I glance at the seat next to me where Shiho is sitting.

Wait, she's sleeping. What a moron.

I'm actually trying here, and she's just taking a nap.

I could tell on her to the teacher, but I don't think it'd make me feel any better.

I have to handle this personally.

However, while she's in the next seat over, she's out of arm's reach.

If I want to get her attention, I'll have to throw something.

I ball up some eraser shavings into a makeshift bullet.

If you want to throw something in class, this is standard.

Alright, here I go!

I aim, then flick it over with my index finger.

A direct hit!

The eraser ball bounces off Shiho's cheek.

She shudders and wakes up.

Then, she glares right at me.

I grin back.

Shiho grumbles something under her breath.

That cheers me up for some reason.

Now to ignore her and focus on the worksheet.

I wasted too much time on nonsense.

The goal here is to fill this worksheet out. What am I doing?

I actually want to get to work, but I start thinking about Shiho and glance over to her.

I don't know what's gotten into her, but now she's earnestly filling out the worksheet.

This is a once in a blue moon event.

I can't let her beat me.

I muster up all my energy and focus on the worksheet.

*wap*

While I'm grappling with a question, something bounces off my cheek.

I know what it is right away.

It's a ball of Shiho's eraser shavings.

An eye for an eye, I suppose.

I'd almost respect it if it didn't piss me off so much.

But doing the same back at her again would just be childish.

I decide to be an adult and let it slide.

Anyway, I need to finish the worksheet soon.

*wap* *wap*

…

Shiho takes advantage of my decision not to defend myself by attacking relentlessly.

Well, she'll have to give up when she's used up her eraser.

I need to focus on the worksheet right now.

Hmmm…

If you forget how you're meant to solve questions like this, you can't even begin to answer them.

How are you supposed to prove this again?

*wap* *wap* *wap*

Shiho's assault continues.

Just deal with it…

*wap* *wap* *wap* *wap*

Endure.

*wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap*

If I can keep enduring this, I can reach enlightenment.

*wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap*

What the hell?!

Does she never run out of erasers?!

My patience runs out, and I look over.

Shiho is giving me the peace sign and smiling.

And her eraser…

Ack!

She has an eraser meant for use on drafting paper. It's absurdly large, about the size of a remote control.

What does she have that for?!

And look at that pile of eraser bits on her desk…

She hasn't been working at all! She was just picking her eraser apart!

With that many bits, she can keep attacking me for the rest of the hour-long class.

Curse youuuuuuu…

Wait, if I fight back now, this will all have been for nothing.

I just need the willpower to get through this!

I'll endure this until she loses interest… or at least until she runs out of erasers.

I can take it all!

It's the moment of truth.

I muster up even more determination and face the worksheet again.

*wap* *wap* *wap* *wap*

Endure, endure, endure, endure…

*wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap*

Endure, endure, endure, endure, endure…

*wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap*

*wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap* *wap*

Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure! Endure!

At last, I make it through the hour.

Supplementary classes end for the day. I'm about to head home when the teacher approaches me and Shiho.

Fujita, Nagaoka. Come here for a second.

What's up?

What is it?

Your answer sheets are mostly empty. Were you screwing around the whole hour?

No, not at all.

We were seriously trying!

The teacher glares at us.

It was messy all around your desks. Those were eraser shavings, weren't they?

Busted.

W-Well…

Now, who could've dropped those?

Neither of you are going home until you finish your worksheets.

I go to the shopping arcade.

After wandering for a while, I stop in front of the drug store.

I remember that I'm out of hair gel.

They have some on display in the cart in front of the store.

Maybe I'll buy some.

Uh, this is the one I usually use.

Hm?

There's a new type out?

I guess I could try this one this time.

I pick up the hair gel when…

Oh? Are you shopping?

I hear a voice.

I turn around and see Shiho.

What's up? Oooh, boys these days sure care about grooming themselves!

Shiho sees what I'm buying and snickers.

Got a problem with that?

Let me pick one out for you. Uh, this seems good.

She grabs the first thing she sees.

You just picked something at random, didn't you?

Oh, you can tell? Then what about this?

You're still doing it. That's the one I already picked out.

Oh, then get this one.

That's the first one you picked.

Umm, then, uh… This!

Again, that's the one I'm holding.

What?! Then how about this one?

That's the first one you picked up again. Can't you remember anything, birdbrain?!

Wh-What the heck?! Do they only have two kinds?!

Yeah, took you long enough to notice.

You tricked me!

I didn't do anything. Pay more attention.

This is lame.

Man, I can't deal with you. What are you doing here anyway?

Me? I was gonna meet up with someone. Wait, I'm gonna be late! See you next week, Hiro!

Speaking at the breakneck speed of a fast-talking auctioneer, Shiho runs off.

What is her deal?

I'm kind of stunned, but Shiho's erratic behavior makes me laugh.

I go to the arcade on the way home.

When I stand in front of the automatic door to enter, it happens.

Heh heh heh, so we meet again!

A voice like that of a vengeful ghost causes me to frantically look around.

The eerie voice is coming from Shiho.

What's your deal? I thought it was someone I know.

We know each other well!

Whatever, just tell me what you want.

This is the usual arcade. There's only one thing for us to do here.

She wants to compete again?

You never learn, huh? Gonna treat me to YacDonald's again?

I crushed her at the bowling game last time, and she bought me a YacDonald's value meal.

I went easy on you the other day, but I'm going to win this time.

Huh, you're pretty confident.

I'm not just confident. I'm certain I will.

Hah, you make it sound like it's already over.

I'm just giving you my prediction.

More like your opinion.

Well, hey, let's play and we'll find out.

Just don't cry about it later.

We glare at each other as we enter the arcade.

Hiro, let's compete at the quiz game today!

She points to the quiz game.

Sure, what are we betting?

I ask.

Whoever loses today buys YacDonald's for the winner. How about that?

Okay!

Then, we stand before the quiz game in the back.

Let's see here…

As soon as Shiho sits down, she starts spraying something suspicious on the lever.

What are you doing?

Disinfectant, since it's filthy.

Are you really worried about that?

Yeah!

She aggressively sprays it down. The disinfectant's orange scent spreads everywhere.

That's too much!

It's already sticky around the lever.

Oh, sorry.

Moron.

Now that's taken care of… Let's get started.

This game is based on a popular quiz show, and all the questions are pretty tough.

The rules are simple.

Both players play at the same time, and whoever scores higher wins.

Question 1: What's the most abundant element found in the air?'

A. Oxygen

B. Hydrogen

C. Nitrogen

D. Carbon

*bzzzzt*

Wha?

Ahaha, wrong!

Crap…

Next question: Which is colder? The North Pole or the South Pole?'

A. They're the same

B. South Pole

C. North Pole

D. It's a mystery to this day

*ding, ding, ding*

I got it! This is easy.

Hrrrrrm…

Next question: Which is colder? The North Pole or the South Pole?'

A. They're the same

B. South Pole

C. North Pole

D. It's a mystery to this day

*bzzzzt*

Crap!

I got it! You're so dumb!

…I'm pissed.

Next question: How much of the Earth's surface is occupied by land?'

A. 20%

B. 30%

C. 40%

D. 50%

*ding, ding, ding*

Alright!

It's not over yet!

Next question: How much of the Earth's surface is occupied by land?'

A. 20%

B. 30%

C. 40%

D. 50%

*bzzzzt*

Drat!

Nice!

Crap…

Next question: How much of the Earth's surface is occupied by land?'

A. 20%

B. 30%

C. 40%

D. 50%

*ding, ding, ding*

Piece of cake.

Not bad.

Next question: How much of the Earth's surface is occupied by land?'

A. 20%

B. 30%

C. 40%

D. 50%

*bzzzzt*

Ack!

Heh heh, too bad!

It's not over yet!

The game was over.

Shiho has the higher score.

That means I lost.

Is that all you've got?

Shiho beams with pride.

Damn you…

All I can do is curse her.

After all that talk, this is how it ends…

Come back once you've learned a few things, Hiro.

…

You think you can say whatever you want because you won?

I must now search for a worthier opponent.

Wha?

Shiho speaks that bizarre line with a look of seriousness on her face.

What was that? Was she trying to do an impression of a pro wrestler?

Just kidding. Now that I've won, how about we head out?

Sure, whatever. I'll win next time.

We leave the arcade and (after I bought her YacDonald's) part ways at the station.

*ding, ding, ding*

Well, that's no surprise.

Even I knew that one!

The game was over.

Shiho has the higher score.

That means I lost.

Is that all you've got?

Shiho beams with pride.

Damn you…

All I can do is curse her.

After all that talk, this is how it ends…

Come back once you've learned a few things, Hiro.

…

You think you can say whatever you want because you won?

I'm gonna go look for someone stronger than me.

Yes?

Shiho speaks that bizarre line with a look of seriousness on her face.

What was that? Was she trying to do an impression of a pro wrestler?

Just kidding. Now that I've won, how about we head out?

Sure, whatever. I'll win next time.

We leave the arcade and (after I bought her YacDonald's) part ways at the station.

*ding, ding, ding*

Wahoo! Got it right!

Curseeeees!

After a fiery dead heat, I have the higher score in the end.

That means I won.

Wahaha, sorry, Shiho. I win again.

I arrogantly pat her on the back.

Just like last time, my teasing makes her almost explode with rage.

But making Shiho mad is so fun that I can't help myself.

Go on, try and badmouth me.

But then…

Heh heh heh.

She surprisingly gives me a proud smile.

Wh-What's with you? So mad that it made you crazy?

Did I push her that far?!

Just as I begin to worry…

You can claim victory for today's quiz game.

She says with an unnatural smile.

I finally notice something.

She's tensing up her face trying to pretend she doesn't care.

She just never learns.

I almost laugh out loud.

Pfft, alright, then what are we playing next?

The sun had already set.

Let's gooo! I'm not gonna lose to you, Hiro!

Hey, Shiho, let's go home already.

I won every game we played since the quiz.

But that seemed to activate her competitive instinct. She wouldn't stop challenging me.

Even if I lost on purpose, she would see right through me and it'd backfire.

You're going down, Hiro!

Please, Shiho<rep rep_sweat>

In the end, Shiho beats me at mahjong.

It was a game that mostly came down to luck.

I don't even know how many games we played before settling this pointless competition.

I easily spent over two-thousand yen.

Well, I'm willing to consider you the winner for today.

Yes, yes, right as always.

Bye!

Ditching once she finally got a win, Shiho left in high spirits.

Man, I don't even know who actually won here.

Oh right, I forgot the YacDonald's!

*bzzzzt*

Crap, I messed up!

Stupid!

I'll get the next one!

After a fiery dead heat, I have the higher score in the end.

That means I won.

Wahaha, sorry, Shiho. I win again.

I arrogantly pat her on the back.

Just like last time, my teasing makes her almost explode with rage.

But making Shiho mad is so fun that I can't help myself.

Go on, try and badmouth me.

But then…

Heh heh heh.

She surprisingly gives me a proud smile.

Wh-What's with you? So mad that it made you crazy?

Did I push her that far?!

Just as I begin to worry…

You can claim victory for today's quiz game.

She says with an unnatural smile.

I finally notice something.

She's tensing up her face trying to pretend she doesn't care.

She just never learns.

I almost laugh out loud.

Pfft, alright, then what are we playing next?

The sun had already set.

Let's gooo! I'm not gonna lose to you, Hiro!

Hey, Shiho, let's go home already.

I won every game we played since the quiz.

But that seemed to activate her competitive instinct. She wouldn't stop challenging me.

Even if I lost on purpose, she would see right through me and it'd backfire.

You're going down, Hiro!

Please, Shiho<rep rep_sweat>

In the end, Shiho beat me at mahjong.

It was a game that mostly came down to luck.

I don't even know how many games we played before settling this pointless competition.

I easily spent over two-thousand yen.

Well, I'm willing to consider you the winner for today.

Yes, yes, right as always.

Bye!

Ditching once she finally got a win, Shiho left in high spirits.

Man, I don't even know who actually won here.

Oh right, I forgot the YacDonald's!

When I sit down, I hear shouts growing closer from out in the hall.

Hey, hey, big news!

I look and see Shiho, as expected.

Does she have to be so loud so early in the morning?

I fear that making eye contact might get me dragged into something, so I lay my head on my desk and pretend to sleep.

Oh, time for more Shiho Info.

What's the 'big news' today?

Students gather around in anticipation.

Meanwhile, Shiho starts to write the headline on the blackboard.

Shiho loves gossip more than anything, and she and her fellow gossip-lovers form a questionable information network.

She calls the latest information 'Shiho Info' and brings it to us, but most of it is false.

Thanks to that, Shiho has come to be called a walking gossip show.

However, despite the misinformation, 'Shiho Info' has a lot of surprisingly diehard fans.

They aren't interested in the information so much as hearing Shiho talk, but that's unfortunately enough to encourage her.

It creates a vicious cycle.

Yep, looks like pretty much everyone's here. Aside from that one guy pretending to sleep.

Shiho says it loud enough for me to hear.

I raise my head.

Shut up and leave me out of this.

Then, I lay my head down again.

I know you secretly want to hear this more than anyone. Why can't you be honest with yourself?

I'm not interested in your made up stories.

I say, responding without bothering to pick my head up.

Hmph, yet you're still listening. Whatever, forget you.

Then, she starts talking to everyone in such a way that she could be sure I hear too.

So, the big news is…

Last night I was at karaoke with some friends, and I went home late.

I wanted to go back on the earliest train possible, so I had to cut down a street with some love hotels. Y'know, one of those places.

Normally, I'd look around for any juicy stories, but I wasn't up for it that day. And yet the God of Gossip always seems to be watching over me!

Just then, a couple came out of a nearby hotel.

Moving at mach speed, I hid behind a vending machine and watched. To my surprise, that couple was…

Well, you'll have to wait for School Incident Reporter Shiho's 'The Mysterious Couple, Part 2' to find out.

Shiho abruptly starts delivering a preview of the next episode.

Hey, Nagaoka!

You can't just end it there!

Nwahaha, just kidding. I saw Mr. So.

Mr. So?

The math teacher?

I can't believe what I just heard.

Mr. So is Mr. Taniguchi, the math teacher.

He always says 'So then' and 'So yeah' and such throughout his classes, so the students gave him the nickname.

Some students even count how many times he says it in an hour.

Yep, and he was with a girl who looked around fifteen. I don't remember him having a really young wife, though…

Really?

Are you serious?

I can't believe Mr. So did that!

Everyone believes Shiho and starts whispering their opinions to each other.

My classmates are wrong to believe her, but Shiho is ultimately to blame for providing this information.

I stand up and approach the circle of gossips.

Hey, you shouldn't believe everything she says.

What the heck? You finally get up and that's what you say?

You really love spreading this nonsense around, huh?

Where do you get off calling me a liar?

Then tell me, are you sure that was Mr. So?

What? Do you doubt my eyes?

I just want to know if you checked to be sure. You could've mistaken someone else for him.

Check how? You think I should've gone and asked if he's Mr. Taniguchi?

That would be one way, at least, but you could've gotten photos or some other concrete proof.

It sucks, but as much as I would've wanted proof, it was too dark to use a camera.

Shiho made all sorts of plausible excuses, saying it was impossible because using a flash in that darkness would make them stand out, or even without a flash, there was a chance they'd be found out by the shutter sound.

So that leaves nothing but my testimony to rely on.

Nothing's less reliable than your testimony.

Wh-Wh-What'd you say?!

If you were a perfect honor student, I'd trust you, but you spread too many false rumors to be trusted. Right, guys?

I ask the others.

A middle-aged teacher at a love hotel with a young girl isn't impossible, but…

It does sound like something you'd lie about.

They're just about split on whether it's true or not.

Look at that. This is how much people trust you. I can't believe you even convinced 50% of them.

I say it with as much disgust as I can muster.

Shiho's face turns red.

Grrrrr, you suck! Sometimes I'm wrong, but that still means sometimes I'm right!

Shiho gets upset and, after making that silly statement, runs out of the classroom.

She leaves in the direction opposite her own class.

She must have been planning to deliver the same information to the next class over.

Well, at least I drove her off.

Good morning! Yep, there you go, showing up to school together again! What a lovely couple!

Shiho seems to pop up out of nowhere.

Good morning, Shiho.

What are you so revved up about so early?

Oh, I'm always full of energy<rep rep_heart>

I guess.

Man, I wish she'd burn off some of that energy instead of bugging me with it.

Shiho, what's up with you today?

Akari seems to notice something is off.

What, you're asking that too, Akari?

It's pretty obvious. If you're gonna come at people acting weird, it'll creep anyone out.

But I just act how I act.

Yeah, we've both given up on changing that.

What the heck? I like acting like this. There's nothing for you to give up on.

Um, Shiho, homeroom's gonna start soon.

Oh, that time already? You two should get to school earlier!

That's our problem, not yours.

Anyway, I'll go back to class. Oh yeah, stay cute, lovebirds!

With that weird statement, Shiho returned to the classroom.

What was it she even wanted to say?

That we should 'stay cute,' I guess.

I spot Shiho in the hall during a break.

She's with Naitou and Nagata.

Just about everyone in our grade knows about the trio.

They're the very definition of modern schoolgirls.

They often hang out near the station after school.

They're probably always going to karaoke parties with students from other schools.

With how popular they are within our school, I assume they're pretty well-liked outside of it too.

Still, while Naitou and Nagata are one thing, I have to question why Shiho is so highly rated by the boys.

I guess that if you just saw Shiho walking around smiling, she could pass as cute.

It's what's on the inside that's the problem with her.

She's rude no matter who she talks to.

It'd be different if she could at least act cute around a guy she liked, but it doesn't seem like she can.

Personally, keeping enough distance from her to not get annoyed while staying friends seems the best approach.

Hey, Hiroyuki.

As I'm thinking, Masashi approaches me.

Hey, Masashi.

Looks like you've got something on your mind.

It's nothing much. I'm just wondering why Shiho's so popular.

That's simple. She's cute, cheery, trendy…

Masashi sounds sincere.

I'm stunned.

Do you actually think that?

Masashi shyly smiles.

I at least think that's what most people think.

He says that with confidence.

Don't scare me like that.

But I'm positive that's what most people believe.

But why? That's what I don't understand.

Because she looks that way, I guess.

That much is obvious.

I already know that.

So that's what it is, then.

That's when I realize.

Really?

Probably.

Hmm…

Maybe it really does just come down to looks.

Oh, Fujita!

Shiho appears.

But she's acting weirdly friendly.

Something is up.

No!

Hey, I haven't even said anything yet.

I have a bad feeling.

What the heck?! At least listen to me first!

Fine, say what you're gonna say.

Hiroyuki Fujita, I challenge you to a duel!

What the hell?

A karaoke duel.

Karaoke? So you want to compete? Don't call it a duel, that's just confusing.

I wanted it to sound more dramatic.

Man… Who else is going?

Just us this time.

Why?

Because it's a duel.

Shiho and I just like to compete.

Although we aren't super competitive with other people, we hate losing to each other.

But… I'm not sure why.

Oh, I know. It's because she talks smack when she wins.

That never fails to piss me off and get me in a competitive mood.

Now, what to do this time?

A. I'll give it a shot.

B. I'll pass.

Alright, I'll give it a shot.

Okay!

Shiho and I head to the karaoke place in the neighborhood.

I'll start!

By all means.

Shiho starts by adjusting the mic.

She sets the volume and the echo length and depth to her liking.

Testing the mic… The town is breezy, my heart is cheery, I'm so ready to meet you!

The music hasn't even started. What are you singing?

Oh, this?

Shiho keeps speaking through the mic.

And…

It's actually a song I'm making with a friend.

She continues.

Yeah? Man, you're even using a song to test the mic. You're the king of karaoke.

I'm a queen.

Whatever.

She'd sing everywhere if she could bring a mic with her.

She finally finishes with the settings, then starts looking through the song list with the remote.

Hey! You just sang and you're gonna sing again already?

Yep, the test is finished.

Th-This girl…

*beep, beep, beep*

She finishes entering her selection and jumps onto the platform.

The song she picked is…

Oh, Feeling Heart.

Damn that Shiho, already mastering a new song…

And if she's singing it to compete with me, she must be pretty confident.

Just one coincidence after another…

She's good, unsurprisingly.

Her voice is loud and clear enough that she doesn't really need a mic, and it's full of emotion.

I met you and fell in love!

I keep saying this, but Shiho is an excellent singer.

As much as I hate to admit it, I'm not as good as her.

But I still had a good reason to accept her challenge.

Forever and Eternity-You're the Only One For Me!

*clap, clap, clap*

She always hits the applause button.

Now it's a question of what score she got.

*dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun*

There's a drumroll as the counter rapidly changes.

*claaang*

With the sound of a cymbal, the results appear.

685 points!

Remarkable.

This place gives 500 points for even the worst performances.

It looks impressive at first to score hundreds of points, but the real range is only from 500 to 700.

That means she essentially scored 185 out of 200.

Yay! Third place!

Shiho is delighted.

After the fanfare, she can enter her initials on the screen.

This place also lets top ten scorers enter their initials.

She returns to her seat and enters 'SHN' quickly, like she'd done it many times.

SHN stands for Shiho Nagaoka.

What a gamer!

Your turn, Hiro.

Shiho sounds like she knows she's won.

I know.

The karaoke scoring machine doesn't just provide good scores for singing well.

Singing too well like Shiho can actually cause you to lose points.

The machine can't judge technique.

It only deducts points for it.

That's what I read in a book at least.

Woo! Go Hiro!

Shiho tries to distract me.

Just you watch…

I slowly get up on the platform.

The trick to scoring high at karaoke is to get the pitch right on every word.

The extended or shaky inflection that Shiho did was counterproductive.

Brand new heart, Here and now starts a new.

I start singing in the most textbook way.

Hyahaha! Wow, Hiro, you've gotten good!

Ignorant to my plan, Shiho starts cackling from the couch.

I'll show you!

Feel the beat in your heart.

You're so cool!

Let my voice reach you, telepathy.

*clap, clap, clap*

Well, I probably have improved somewhat.

Ahahaha, who were you impersonating there, Hiro? I loved it!

*dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun*

The counter rapidly changes.

What are the results?!

*claaang*

With the sound of a cymbal, the results appear.

695 points!

I hit #1 in the rankings.

Success!

I pose triumphantly on the platform.

But how?! You were so bad!

Meanwhile, Shiho is stunned at what she saw.

Looks like the computer prefers my singing.

I tease her.

I see! You cheated! Singing like that gives you a good score, doesn't it?!

She's sharp!

Maybe.

I play dumb.

That has to be it! Otherwise you'd never get 695 points for sucking so bad!

Hey, stop saying I suck! All that matters is who scores higher.

Shiho flails her arms and legs.

You're not getting away with this! If you can do it, so can I!

She tries singing the same way next time.

But while I know the logic behind this approach, she just sings deliberately poorly and her score only decreases.

I don't always score as high as the first attempt, but I keep reaching at least 680.

I win in the end, successfully making Shiho treat me to YacDonald's.

Still, I do wish I could learn to sing as well as Shiho.

Sorry, I'll pass this time.

Aw, you're no fun.

Just how it is. Bye.

I wave and turn away from Shiho.

Laaame!

She whines, but I just smile and wave before walking away.

Oh, that's Shiho waving me over.

Akari's there too.

I head toward them.

What are you girls doing?

Hiro, you were just thinking about going to YacDonald's, weren't you?

What the hell? No I wasn't.

No use trying to hide it. It's written all over your face. You wanna go to YacDonald's with us.

Maybe that's what you think.

It sounds like Shiho wants me to come along.

Her ridiculous way of asking makes Akari giggle.

Either way, you've got one option.

I say…

A. I'll go.

B. Sorry, but I'll pass.

Fine, fine, I'll go.

Shiho's indirect way of inviting me puts a bitter grin on my face as I answer.

That was the right decision.

Hehe. Shiho, you don't have to be like that to get Yuki to come with us.

It's fine. I want to keep people on their toes.

I don't understand that logic.

The problem there is it just makes me think you're kind of dumb.

I taunt her.

Wh-What'd you say?!

Hey, I thought you wanted to keep me on my toes. Getting worked up like that is pretty predictable.

Oh, yeah… I can't get angry…

Shiho lowers her raised hand.

Ahaha, oh, Hiro, your jokes are so harsh<rep rep_heart>

Shiho suddenly bursts out laughing. Maybe she was trying to surprise me.

I still don't know if it's calculated, or if she's just like this.

Huh? Was I wrong about something?

Let's just go.

Been a while since we got takeout as a group.

I let out a deep sigh.

YacDonald's is unfortunately packed, so we get takeout and go to the plaza.

Gimme some of those tissues you just got.

Shiho asks after taking her seat on a bench.

If you wanted tissues, you should've taken some.

I take the tissues out of my pocket.

They're the kind of tissues often handed out on the street for advertising purposes.

I just happened to walk by at the right time to get some.

Thanks.

Shiho takes the pack and yanks a few tissues out.

She spreads them out on the bench, then starts to fold them into long, thin strips.

Akari and I watch, wondering what she's doing.

Oh, Shiho, let me have some.

Akari seems to recall something.

You too? Then let's see who can do it better.

Now they both start working.

Akari seems to get it, but I'm still clueless.

Eventually, Shiho pinches the folded tissues together, then begins to spread them with her fingers.

Akari quickly follows suit.

If only we had rubber bands or tape.

Yeah.

They smile as they spread out the bundled tissue.

As the tissues gradually take shape, I finally figure it out.

Done! How's it look on me?

They wear what they'd just folded in their hair as if that was always the plan.

What they made were decorative flowers often used at school arts festivals.

Ridiculous. They don't match your style at all.

Yeah, whatever. Anyway, you beat me, Akari. I'm no match for you!

That's not true. I think yours is pretty well done.

Nah, anyone could do this with enough practice. I'm just fast.

Yeah, maybe…

But boy does this bring me back!

Yeah.

They smile at each other.

Hey, don't forget about me.

Oh, sorry, Yuki.

The heck with you. This is proof of our friendship.

What's that have to do with friendship?

Oh, you wanna know? Then I could tell you.

Shiho, it's embarrassing!

C'mon, telling him's not gonna hurt you.

Then maybe you can tell him a little…

Akari nods.

Alright, let me hear it.

Alright, I'm just gonna tell the whole story!

Uh, Shiho<rep rep_sweat>

I remember it like it was yesterday. It was our first year of middle school, in… Uh, when was it exactly?

Around fall, I think?

Sounds like you don't remember it like it was yesterday.

Shut up. The time of year doesn't matter.

For the school arts festival, our team was supposed to make decorations.

I was on the same team as Shiho.

Uh-huh…

So, we all started making these after school, and it was pretty fun. The joy of creating, I guess.

Oh, this is fun!

Nagaoka, you're so good at this!

Seriously. Yours are pretty.

I just happened to get good at making them, and everyone complimented me.

I guess I've got talent!

For sure.

And here I thought you were only good at karaoke.

Think what you will, but I've shown you only a fraction of my talent.

The hell are you talking about? So what happened next?

Um, so I was happy, and… Oh yeah, I figured I was good enough to do it all myself, so I had everyone else go home.

So, you were convinced to do more work because they flattered you, got it. And you went home too, Akari?

Um…

Akari is about to respond, but…

I just kept working on my own. And I worked real hard, I'll have you know.

But then, I guess obviously, I eventually got bored.

Of course you did.

So when I started getting fed up, I realized something horrifying. I had to do the work of four people by myself.

Yeah, duh.

Ugh, maybe I should just stop here!

So I didn't know what to do, but then Akari came over.

Nagaoka, I'll help.

Wait, you didn't go home?

Nope, I was helping another class.

Really? That's great! I was just starting to get bored. If you can help, I'd really appreciate it.

Okay.

So then we both made them together.

Oh geez, what are you rushing for? Be more careful when you fold them.

O-Okay.

Akari was so clumsy that I found it hard to watch.

Um, I was in a hurry at the time.

Oh, really?

So we kept at it past our bedtimes.

I'm so glad you came, Kamigishi. Thanks.

It was nothing.

The other two actually left, and I was almost gonna leave myself.

…

Are you mad?

No, I did leave for a while too.

I'm so sorry.

Nagaoka…

We put a ton of work in. It was past 10 by the time we were done.

Are your parents okay with you going home this late?

Y-Yeah, I called them.

From the look on your face, it seems pretty bad.

…

I can go with you and explain everything to them.

Oh, but…

It's fine, it's the least I can do.

…Thanks.

…

…

Nagaoka…

You mind if we call each other by our first names?

Oh, s-sure.

What was your first name again?

Akari.

Akari, huh? Then I'll call you Akarin!

Um, just Akari is fine.

Yeah? Lame.

…

.I'm Shiho Nagaoka. I'd love it if you gave me a cute nickname!

I'll just call you Shiho.

…You're not good at playing along with things, are you?

…

So then I told her mom what happened, and that took care of everything. And that's when we became friends.

Yeah.

Oh right, I feel like I remember that.

I felt like I was told this story a while ago.

But man, you've always been a troublemaker, huh?

Well, I'm not gonna deny that.

Tragic that you felt the need to get involved back then, Akari. Now you're stuck with her.

I think Shiho's actually a hard worker deep down.

You hear that? You're a hard worker, albeit the kind who stays out all night screwing around.

Wh-When have I ever done that?!

That day, I unexpectedly learn again of how Shiho and Akari met.

Carefree Shiho and busybody Akari…

Their friendship origin story is about what I'd expect of both of them.

Sorry, but I'll pass.

What?! I know you wanna go!

I'm just not in the mood.

So, your body wants to go, but your mouth is stopping you.

You're not making sense.

Urgh…

Shiho, listen to Yuki. We can go on our own.

Aaaw…<rep rep_sweat>

We'll be going, Yuki.

Alright, bye.

C'mon, Shiho.

Urrrrrrrgh…<rep rep_sweat>

Akari drags Shiho away.

They match each other oddly well at times like these.

Masashi and I quickly finish lunch and head to the gym.

When I step into the bridge corridor, the warmth of the sunlight envelops me.

I can't help but stop in place.

Real nice weather, huh?

I turn to Masashi.

Yeah. Maybe we could play soccer outside.

I'd rather not. It's twice as exhausting as basketball.

I'm sure you'd be great at soccer in no time if you practiced.

You make it sound like I'm just great at sports across the board. Don't give people the wrong idea.

I don't know…

I heard that! Hiroyuki's great at sports across the board!

I suddenly hear a voice from the shadows.

I know who it is, of course.

Masashi and I look at each other.

Let's go.

Oh, but it seems like she wants something.

Doesn't matter.

When I signal Masashi to ignore her, he nods with an awkward smile.

Blowing Shiho off like this just infuriates her, which is fun.

Uh, hey! Get over here!

She took the bait.

I keep heading toward the gym.

Stupid, I don't even see where you are. Get over where?

What?! Stop or I'll shoot!

She starts making even less sense.

Go ahead and shoot.

I'm serious!

Then do it.

I don't know what she can shoot at me, but I answer nonchalantly.

Here goes! Pew!

Whoa!

I feel something against my back and yelp.

It was probably water.

A water gun?!

Ahahaha, want some more?

Hey, what the hell are you doing?!

I wasn't going to take this sitting down.

I move in the direction of her voice.

Then, Shiho finally shows herself.

So you've finally come.

Obviously.

That's what you get for ignoring me.

Man, you're annoying. I always thought you acted like a child, but I didn't realize it was this bad.

I never wanna be an adult who wouldn't play with water guns in weather like this.

Then be a child forever.

C'mon, wanna play?

How am I gonna play? You just want me to be your target?

That'd be fun, but I have enough water guns for a few people.

She holds up the toy store bag she had been carrying.

Oh, I know those. That store's selling them for cheap.

Masashi says, speaking up in a carefree tone.

So you bought these?

Naturally. I don't expect everyone to spend money on this, so I did it myself.

But you went out of your way to buy a whole set? I'd be embarrassed to come to school walking around with these things.

Yeah, I bought a set. That means the only choice you have to make is whether to join in or not. Pretty smart, huh?

Yeah, that's smart.

That's smart for an idiot.

Call me an idiot-I don't care right. You're both gonna play, right? Better this in one minute than basketball in three minutes.

Yeah, sounds good.

Masashi nods, takes a water gun from Shiho, and twirls it.

I can't believe he agreed so quickly.

What about basketball?

You should join us. These can fire up to thirty feet.

Masashi, you want to play with water guns that badly?

C'mon, thirty whole feet!

Shiho waves the water gun in front of me.

Fine then. We'll play basketball tomorrow.

I take the gun.

The rules are simple. Everyone else is the enemy. Shoot as much as you can before time is up. But no shooting anyone while they're refilling water.

Okay.

Got it.

Alright, the fight begins in ten seconds. Everybody spread out!

We all run off to take cover.

I hide behind the school building.

I just have to use the pump to build up air pressure.

Once my gun is packed with air, I show myself.

Shiho and Masashi are both crouching behind distant trees.

But we're over thirty feet from each other.

Left with no other choice, I decide to approach them while taking cover.

Apparently thinking the same thing, they get moving too.

We close the distance between us, and once we get too close to miss…

All the running around had left me sweaty.

Not that I could tell if it was sweat or water.

I take off my jacket.

Are you guys just targeting me?!

I'd start to notice that they aren't shooting at each other.

Get over it!

Sorry, Hiroyuki. I was on her team from the start!

Jerk, don't shoot me while you're apologizing!

So Masashi was interested because they had this planned all along.

Man, this sinister plot has to be Shiho's doing.

Take this! You'll be drenched before we're through!

Now I'm mad! You're gonna get it, Shiho!

Whaaat?!

Masashi, help!

B-But…

You'd betray a bro like this?!

I make a Shiho-level argument.

Al-Alright!

Whaaaat?!

Masashi's betrayal even surprises me.

Al-Alright! Then let's attack!

We nod to each other and take Shiho from both sides.

W-W-Wait! Are you sure you wanna do that?!

No complaining! This is payback!

You monsteeers!

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

*huff, huff* Ugh, god, I'm dying.

*huff, huff* This is more exhausting than soccer.

Shiho and I are out of breath and sitting in the hall.

For sure.

Masashi, on the other hand, looks tired in a more normal way.

Look, you soaked me down to my underwear. What are you gonna do about this?

Let me see.

You moron! Don't look, you perv.

Do you want me to look or not? Make up your mind.

Whatever, you don't need to look.

Then don't tell me to.

We argue until…

Anyway, you're both a mess.

Masashi says nonchalantly.

He was barely wet.

Why aren't you wet? Are your clothes waterproof or what?

Hahaha. Lucky for me, most of the fight was between you two.

Ugh, so all the shots meant for you ended up on me? I'm drenched.

Ahaha, yep. Well, you could say you're looking pretty slick.

You're looking pretty slick yourself.

Ah, well…

Masashi and I laugh.

I don't know what inspired Shiho to bring these weird things to school sometimes, but it's always fun.

Whenever a new game got popular at school, Shiho was the source.

She's a trendsetter when it comes to games specifically, I guess.

As I'm thinking about that…

I haven't worked up a sweat like this in a while.

Well, most of the sweat got washed off for me and Shiho.

We'll both target you next time, Masashi.

Great idea.

Oh no…

I can't wait for next time.

What, are we really doing this again?

Obviously, why make it a one time thing?

Ugh, well, whatever. It was pretty fun. I'd be up for it once in a while.

Same here.

Then that's settled. Anyway, we need to get changed. Did you bring your gym uniform or anything?

Yeah, I need to change out of this before I get sick.

I stand up.

Wait!

Hey, Shiho, you're still tired?

Yeah, just… Ugh, moving in this wet uniform feels so gross!

I wear my gym uniform under my jacket for the afternoon classes.

Shiho apparently remained in her gym uniform until school ended.

Hey there, Fujita.

Someone suddenly calls to me from behind.

Hey, Shiho. You're as high-energy as ever.

Yep!

So what do you want?

I was just about to head out on my own. Do you want to walk with me at least part of the way?

A. Sure.

B. Nah.

Don't know where you plan to split up, but sure.

Alright, then let's go!

Shiho and I make small talk until we got to the station.

Oh, look.

I look where she pointed. There's a guy with a guitar playing some song I'd never heard.

Performers like this are common at train stations and other places where large crowds come and go.

What about him?

I'm gonna go over there for a bit. You wait here.

Shiho walks over to the guy with the guitar.

Hey, are you just gonna listen to his song?

No, I'm gonna see if he'll let me sing.

Wha?

Let her sing?

Is she actually going to sing here?!

I watch with astonishment as Shiho starts to talk to him.

Look at that. You're just annoying him.

Oh… He's taking a book out of his bag.

He's flipping through the pages… and leaving it open at his feet…

Ugh, Shiho's waving at me.

So he's okay with this?

I'm Shiho Nagaoka. I'll be singing for you!

So it begins…

I can't tell what song he's playing from the prelude, but with Shiho's singing, I finally recognize it.

I believe it's called "Toward Our Tomorrows."

Hitting us with a slow one, huh?

A street performance wouldn't normally stand out much, but it's a different story when the singing is being done by a schoolgirl in uniform.

Plus, if her voice can travel this far without even a microphone, it'll draw people easily.

A few people stop to watch out of curiosity, and a decent crowd eventually forms.

The crowd isn't just watching because the performance is unusual.

They're there because Shiho's voice is good enough to bother listening to.

As much as I hate to admit it, Shiho is a phenomenal singer.

Maybe she could even make it as an idol.

Oh man, she's singing…

Let's do another!

Pleased with her performance, Shiho urges the guy on.

That fool!

Hey, Shiho.

I frantically ran over.

What? You wanna sing too?

Hell no. You can do this if you're alone, but remember that I'm here too.

She's just making me wait for her.

Then you can sing with me.

I'm not doing that.

You just don't get it.

No, you don't. Unlike you, I'm not good enough that anyone would want to hear me sing.

Oh, you have a point. I didn't think about that.

Then there you go. You can keep singing here or head home, it's up to you. I'm heading home either way.

Wh-What the heck? It'd be a downer if you left.

Then you know what to do.

Shiho sighs and turns back to the man.

Sorry, but my friend's telling me to get moving. Thanks!

She waves.

The man says he'd be willing to play for her any time and waves back.

I only got through one song, but that was nice.

I'm glad you had fun.

I could do that every day<rep rep_heart>

You've always had something that makes you stand out. Maybe it's star power.

Maybe.

I guarantee you'll be famous one day.

Uh-huh, if you say so. Let me guess, you're just trying to get me to buy you YacDonald's.

What, you'd really treat me?

Don't be silly. I don't need your guarantee. I know I have a future.

Wow, somebody's confident.

You can call it my Shiho Spirit.

Are you being haunted?

Not that kind of spirit, stupid.

It's a joke. Either way, your baseless confidence scares me.

What the heck? Don't try to be funnier than me.

That's a low bar to meet anyway.

The arguing continues until we part ways at the train station ticket gates.

There, go home by yourself.

Wait, what? Do you hate me now?!

Did I ever say I liked you?

Geez, don't be shy.

Who's being shy? I'm not in the mood to deal with you today.

You're no fun.

After she seems to give up, I walk away from Shiho.

Hey, Shiho.

Oh, Hiro! Good timing.

Shiho smiles like she's hiding something.

I…

A. Talk to her.

B. Ditch her.

What? Do you need something from me?

Yep.

Sorry, but I don't need anything from you.

I try to leave at once.

Hey, wait a second, you jerk!

Left with no other option, I come to a stop.

What do you want?

I wanna ask you a favor.

What kind of favor?

I can't say it too loud.

Shiho whispers into my ear.

What?! You want me to―

Shh! Not so loud.

She covers my mouth with her hand.

She wants me to pretend to be her boyfriend for a while?!

I scream internally.

Shiho seems to get the idea from my expression. She silently nods.

But why?

No time to explain.

So she claims, but when a girl suddenly asks you to pretend you're dating, there's one common reason for it.

Let me guess. There's some guy hitting on you, and you want us to act like a couple in front of him so he'll stop.

Oh, you're sharp.

I mean, what else could it be?

Well, I'm glad you get it, that means less time I have to spend explaining.

So where is this guy?

Right behind you.

What?!

Don't look.

I'm about to turn around, but Shiho stops me.

I-Is he close?

Who could it be? A student at our school?

No, he's watching us from far away.

What should I do?

He's already locked onto you.

What?!

I want to hold my head in my arms.

What awful luck.

This guy crushing on Shiho has it out for me now?

At least if it's someone as pretty as Kurusugawa, I'd feel good about telling him to leave my girl alone, but for Shiho? It wouldn't even make me look good.

Well, trying to look good wouldn't accomplish anything here.

I'll just try to help Shiho.

I feel like that's what I should do.

Fine, I'm your guy now.

Shiho cackled and clapped her hands together.

That's the spirit. Now you're my man.

She locks arms with me.

I'm her man? Seriously?

So really, what should I do?

We have to go on a date, of course.

What kind of date?

You ask too many questions. Come with me.

Shiho leads me along.

Shiho brings me to a clothing store on a tree-lined avenue outside of the shopping arcade.

The standard for dates is shopping!

Is it though?

Unconcerned with my displeasure, Shiho starts searching through the hangers in front of the store.

Oh, this is cute! Think it'd look good on me?

She tries on the dress while talking.

I dunno, I feel like this weird stuff suits you more.

I grabbed a blouse covered in a decidedly odd pattern and showed it to her.

You've got no taste.

This isn't about my taste. I picked out something that matches your vibe.

That you think that's good for me already says you've got no taste.

Have you ever thought maybe you're the one with no taste?

Me? Of course I have taste.

How can you be so sure?

Shiho keeps rummaging through the clothes.

Hey, how about this?

Dunno, I guess it could work for anyone.

And this?

I don't like the collar.

Oh, I see.

What about this?

Not bad.

And most importantly, what do you think about this?

I don't know what makes it so important, but it seems good.

Yay! Here you go.

It's nice that you're happy about it, but why do I have to carry everything?

I can barely hold all the clothes in both hands.

The man's supposed to carry stuff.

Even if that's true, are you actually gonna buy all this?

Oh, you're not buying it for me?

You've given me enough trouble as it is.

Ahaha, I'm just messing with you. Can you just buy one thing for me?

I'll assume that's a joke too.

You're no fun.

Stupid, I'm the one who's not having fun here.

We keep wandering around the shopping arcade after that.

Hey, is he still following us?

Yep, he's coming this way.

Crap…

I want to turn around, but I can't.

If this is all we do, he might not buy it.

What do you mean?

We're not doing anything that wouldn't be normal for regular classmates. Like, I hang out with you anyway.

Sure, but what'd make us look like a couple then?

It's simple. We could go kiss behind a tree.

Are you nuts? We can't go that far.

What, so you don't love me?

I don't, no.

You're not getting into the role at all. How are you ever gonna win an Oscar like this?

Who would ever give me one anyway?

Well, we have to be convincing or he's not gonna think we're dating.

You know what kissing means, right? Do you actually want to kiss me?

I don't really care.

You'd just casually kiss anyone? I'm shocked.

I'm just saying I don't mind kissing you.

I don't understand what she's saying.

What do you mean by that?

I mean what I said.

…

I'm stunned.

For whatever reason, Shiho is open to kissing me.

Is she actually into me?

Hold on, now you're wondering if girls like you more than you thought, aren't you?

Nah, I'm not that arrogant.

But she was exactly right.

So what'll it be?

Shiho asks.

I don't want her to think I'm chickening out.

Let's do it.

I give her a quick nod.

Alright, then that's settled. Let's do it by that vending machine.

Sure.

I follow Shiho to the shadow of the vending machine.

Well, there isn't really a shadow. It's just the vending machine next to us and the wall behind us, leaving us completely exposed from every other direction.

The vending machine is basically serving as cover in the same way a tree might.

Shiho leans back against the wall.

Make it good.

She shuts her eyes.

…

Should I do this for real?

I panic.

I envy how calm Shiho is.

Aside from my eyes darting around, I'm entirely still.

Nobody is nearby, at least.

I put my hands on the wall and timidly bring my face close to hers.

My heart is pounding.

I'm doing this. I'm doing this. I'm doing this…

Yuki.

Whoa!

A sudden voice makes me jump.

I look and see Akari.

What's wrong, Yuki? Oh, Shiho.

Akari?! H-Hi there!

I follow Shiho's greeting up by stuttering one out myself.

What are you doing here?

Oh, n-nothing. Right?

I frantically turn to Shiho.

Yeah, just resting a little. Right?

This time, Shiho turns to me.

Oh…

In the end, Akari doesn't realize what's going on.

Then, the three of us walk home together as normal, with neither me nor Shiho mentioning what happened.

But even if it was to get that guy off her, was Shiho serious?

Is she actually interested in me?

Nah, she'd definitely just say she was kidding and laugh at me for thinking so.

…What is the truth?

It was a mystery as to what was real or not with her that day.

Well, I'm gonna go home now.

Hey, I'm still talking!

I'm in a hurry.

I wave and leave.

I hate you so much!

I hear her whining, but she doesn't follow me.

It probably wasn't anything that mattered anyway.

Shiho approaches me during break time.

Oh, there you are.

Want something?

I ask with a yawn.

Sorry about yesterday!

That's what you want to talk about? I don't care.

Well, how about I treat you to YacDonald's today?

Why? To thank me for going on a date with you?

Well, pretty much.

Since when did you go out of your way to pay me back? You're weirding me out.

How rude. I'm a woman of honor, y'know. Let me pay you back.

Why pay me back this one time?

Because it was all me dragging you along yesterday.

Just yesterday? It's always that way. If that's worth buying me YacDonald's, then you owe me three years' worth.

Don't be stupid. It was only this one-sided yesterday. Our other hangouts were always mutual, right?

How do you say that with a straight face?

It's easy. I'm just telling you that I'm paying you back out of a sense of honor.

If you're so insistent on this, it sounds to me like you feel like you did something pretty bad to me.

M-Maybe?

Shiho can be cunning, but she sucks at lying on the spot.

I could immediately tell she was hiding something.

Tell me. Then I'll accept your offer and you can keep your honor.

Whatever could you mean?

Hey.

Ahaha… So basically, it was all a joke.

What was?

I told you there was a guy hitting on me, right?

So you're telling me that wasn't…

Yep.

So you dragged me around everywhere as a joke?!

Look, that's why I wanna buy you food to apologize. It's not like I don't feel bad.

Shiho's acting uncharacteristically flustered.

Well, I believe her when she says she feels bad.

I wasn't doing anything at the time anyway, so it was no great loss.

I see, so that was a joke…

I nod, accepting it.

I just decided on a whim that it'd be fun to pretend we were dating. Is YacDonald's not enough?

I don't even need that. I forgive you.

Shiho comes to apologize to me on her own.

Trying to make up for it with material goods was questionable, but it was better than what I'd normally expect from her.

Really?!

From now on, when you want to hang out, say 'Let's hang out!' and then we can.

I will. I'll say that!

Shiho nods emphatically.

Hey, can I ask one thing?

What? I'll tell you anything if you ask now.

Did you seriously want to kiss me?

Hmm, what about you? Did you want to kiss me?

I'm the one asking.

I, um… I dunno!

C'mon.

Like, I was probably wondering what it'd feel like.

That's all?

Look, I'm not even totally sure what I was thinking.

You don't make sense.

Yep! Not a lick.

If even you're saying you don't make sense, you're beyond saving.

She continues being evasive, never giving me a straight answer.

Shiho has been getting stranger and stranger lately.

I leave the bathroom and shake the water off my rinsed hands.

Then, Shiho approaches me.

Oh, there you are.

What do you want?

You're free on Saturday night, right? Hang out with me.

No.

What the heck? That's how you treat someone inviting you to something?

Where do you want to go anyway?

To space.

What? Did you win a trip to space with that cola contest?

Close, but no. This is bigger than that.

What the hell?

The Tour of the Solar System! It goes to Neptune and Mars and everything.

I've heard of this before.

Oh yeah, I've seen commercials about that.

It's an attraction where you ride on a space shuttle to different parts of the Solar System.

I got two tickets, and I figured going with you could be alright.

Why not Akari?

She says she can't. She's scared of spaceships.

You do realize it's not actually going to space, right?

Well, that was just a joke. It lasts all Saturday night, like until morning the next day, and Akari says she can't stay out for it.

Oh, I see. But how many hours is it?

Starts at midnight and ends at 4 am.

What?! Four hours?!

The commercial did mention that they go especially long on weekend nights.

Sounds like you can walk around and do whatever in the shuttle too. And you can see space out the window. It really sets the mood.

Sets the mood?

It's mostly couples who go there to make out where nobody's gonna see, apparently. We could do a little messing around ourselves, if you want.

Hey now…

The rings of Saturn and stuff are supposed to be super cool too.

Yeah, that part sounds cool.

I hear it was produced by Hollywood's best.

I guess it's worth checking out.

So do you wanna go?

Wait, I promised to go out with Lemmy on Sunday.

If I'm up all night on Saturday, I'll have to cancel that.

I say…

A. Sure, let's do it.

B. Sorry, but I'll pass.

Sure, let's do it.

Okay, then where do you wanna meet up? At the train station?

Yeah. What time?

Let's see… How does ten sound?

Sounds good to me.

Okay, then we'll meet at the station on Saturday at ten.

Got it.

See you then!

Shiho waves and turns around.

Four hours on a space tour with Shiho?

Well, I doubt it'll be boring.

Sorry, but I'll pass.

I have other plans already.

My date with Lemmy takes priority.

What?! Why?!

Four hours of that is gonna be exhausting. Why go to the all-nighter instead of one of the normal ones?

Because the tickets I got are only for the all-nighter. And I wanna go with you.

We'd have to wait a while for the next train after it's over. That'd be annoying too.

We could take a taxi.

Seriously? That could easily cost like 10,000 yen.

Urgh…<rep rep_sweat>

Of course, you'd be willing to foot the bill, right?

Urgh…<rep rep_sweat>

What are you trying to say?

Urrrrrgh…<rep rep_sweat>

Is groaning gonna get you money somehow?

…I lost!

Hahaha, too bad. Try asking me some other time.

Aw, you're lame.

With that, Shiho left.

It's almost time for me and Shiho to meet up.

Maybe I should get going.

She's annoying when I'm late.

I arrive at the station five minutes early.

It seems like I avoided any complaining, at least.

Hey, Hiroyuki!

Huh? Oh, it's you.

You're late.

No I'm not. Look, I'm five minutes early.

I point to the station's clock.

I got here fifteen minutes ago.

Probably just because the train was early.

Nope, if a train happened to leave early, it'd be bad for everyone.

Can you just not do this tedious quibbling?

I'd prefer if you called it fun quibbling.

Shiho usually arrives after whenever we agreed to meet.

According to her, it's a strategy to draw more attention to herself.

Well, she's right that trains have to run on time, so she presumably made it as intended.

Whatever, I'm just surprised you actually came when you said you would for once. My bad.

Apologizing? How polite of you.

I always am.

After our usual exchange, we board the train departing at 10:06.

We travel for about an hour, changing trains once.

After ten minutes of walking from the station, we reach our destination: The Solar System Tour.

The inside of the building looks like something out of a sci-fi movie.

It's like we're in the future.

Hiro, looks like we need to complete boarding procedures.

S-Sure.

Shiho talks like we were in a sci-fi story too.

Some time after we board the shuttle, it's finally time for takeoff.

We're gonna go to space.

Shiho is seated by the window.

Nah. They're just playing an animation outside the window, right?

Can't you use your imagination?

Eventually, the seats start to vibrate.

An announcement tells us that the engine is about to start up.

Oooh!

The shuttle begins to accelerate, pushing my body against the seat.

Damn.

We have to be inside the building, so how are they doing this?!

I can't figure it out. The scenery outside the windows disappears beneath us, telling us that the shuttle has taken off.

A full moon is in the night sky.

Wooow, look, Hiro. Where do you think that is?

Shiho points down at the world below.

Thank you for choosing to fly with United Space Airlines.

This shuttle will soon leave the atmosphereand fly at sub-light speed to Venus, its first destination.

When the announcement concludes, we see the blue horizon out the window.

Look! Planet Earth is blue.

Wow…

You can see so many stars!

The stars are clear and bright in the sky.

I've never seen that many stars before.

I peer down through the window and faintly see the light of a city in some unknown country.

Looking at the horizon, it seems like morning would come soon.

…

I'm speechless.

Earth is pretty beautiful from this vantage point.

The world 'beautiful' is probably meant precisely for times like these.

As I think to myself, the shuttle flies through the night and arrives in the day.

Black shutters suddenly lower over the windows.

The shutters are just tinted like sunglasses, so we can still see outside.

The sun will soon be in sight.The solar rays are far stronger here than on Earth,so please don't look directly at the sun unless it'sthrough the tinted windows.

Following that announcement, the sun's gleaming light appears from behind the Earth.

Even with the shutters, it's blinding.

Looking at this too long might actually wreck my eyes.

The shuttle is now reaching sub-light speed.There will be some shaking when inertia dissipates,so please check your seatbelts.

A few moments after the announcement, the scenery suddenly changes.

The stars in the sky gradually gather before us.

The farthest stars are red, turning yellow as we advance, then green, and finally blue.

It's like a rainbow.

The shuttle has reached sub-light speed.We are currently flying at 650,000,000 miles per hour.The distorted scenery you're seeing is a phenomenoncalled a starbow that occurs at sub-light speed.

650,000,000 miles per hour? Is that a joke?

An F1 racer maxes out at around two-hundred miles per hour.

650,000,000 is incomprehensible!

Isn't it amazing?

How many minutes to Osaka at this speed?

I dunno, maybe one?

Seriously? Actually calculate it.

You do it.

We argue for a couple of minutes until…

Thank you for waiting.To the lower right you can see Venus, the second planet in the Solar System.

Venus is also known as the morning star, and it's…

Eventually, the scenery returns to normal and an announcement plays.

Shiho and I peer out the window.

Oh, look at that.

Opposite the glaring sun, we can see a pale yellow planet.

That's Venus?

Covered in thick clouds of sulfuric acid, it's impossible to see the planet's surface.

The atmosphere is primarily composed of carbon dioxide.The surface has a high atmospheric pressure of 90 bar and temperature of 870 degrees Fahrenheit.No life is known to inhabit Venus.

You hear that?

With all the carbon dioxide and 870 degree temperature, I'd figured as much.

I can't take my eyes off it.

Even if it's all just clouds, it's so massive and unusual that I have to look.

We gaze in silence.

The shuttle will now leave Venus and head to Mars,its next destination.There may be some shaking when we enter sub-light speed, so be careful.

The scenery turns to rainbows again.

Sounds like Mars is next.

This is so cool that I don't know what to say.

Weird to think that's the same morning star we can see from Earth.

Yeah. I wonder if all the planets we'll see are gonna be like that.

Maybe.

Five minutes later, the regular scenery returns and we are informed that we have left sub-light speed.

What you see ahead of us is Mars,the fourth planet in the Solar System.

Oh, this one's red.

I look forward and see a red planet, as Shiho said.

That's Mars…

The lower part is white though. Does it snow or what?

Mars has a thin atmosphere, about 1/150th that of Earth's.It's primarily composed of carbon dioxide,and the average temperature is -60 degrees.

It has four seasons like Earth does,with summers reaching a high of sixty degrees.

The white that you see at the south pole is ice,including dry ice.

I knew it was snow.

It's like a fridge.

In one minute we will pass Phobos, one of the moons of Mars.Look to your right.

The people on the left side gather over on the right.

We wait with bated breath for a minute.

Oh, there it is.

We approach something small and white.

Is that the moon?

What you're now seeingis Phobos.

It's 125,000 miles from the shuttle,traveling at a relative velocity of 56,000 miles per hour.

Everyone watches as the potato-like object slowly drifts by.

I can't see how it's moving at 56,000 miles per hour.

Phobos is shaped like an egg, with its longest diameter being about seventeen miles.It completes a revolution every eight hours.

All these numbers are too big to really comprehend.

It just looks to me like I'm watching a nearby pebble pass by.

Doesn't look as big as they're saying.

Shiho seems to think so too.

The shuttle will now leave Mars and head to Saturn.

Saturn so distant thatit will take two hours to reach at sub-light speed,so please wait in the lounge or restaurantuntil we arrive.

Shiho and I sit in our seats.

Hey, do we seriously have to wait two hours?

Yep. Apparently they can actually warp, but for the all-nighters, they go slow on purpose and let the guests enjoy themselves.

What's there to enjoy? Looking at rainbows for two hours?

Oh, don't you know there's a restaurant and stuff down below? We can kill plenty of time.

Maybe I'll just sleep.

Oh no, you're not. What would I do?

You could sleep too.

That's dumb. It's like if you paid to see a movie and just slept in the theater.

Shut up, I don't care if it's dumb. I'll sleep when I'm tired. I can hang out with you until I fall asleep.

I'll just keep you from falling asleep then.

Could you not?

Nope, you were fated to stay up when you decided to come with me.

Man…

The shuttle has entered sub-light speed and is on its way to Saturn.

You're free to do what you like until we arrive.

Alright, free time. Let's head on down.

Sure, whatever.

We head down to the lounge and order drinks at the bar.

Then, we stand by the window and talk, glasses in hand.

Why juice?

Can't get anything alcoholic till I'm twenty.

Yeah, obviously. I know that.

Hey, look at the starbow or whatever. Isn't it pretty?

Wow, it really is! Wait, you're trying to distract me.

So what now?

Let's have a toast.

A toast to what?

The shining stars.

What the hell?

Just do it. Cheers!

…

*clink*

I don't see the point, but we have a toast.

It sure is quiet.

Yeah.

The lounge is dimly lit with jazz playing at a low volume.

While I don't share all of Shiho's opinions, I do appreciate the atmosphere.

As I'm thinking that…

Just you and me in a sea of stars…

Intoxicated by the mood, Shiho starts going off about some nonsense.

We're far from the only people here.

Couples are having toasts…

What couples?

Isn't it romantic?

Ugh, I can't believe I'm hearing that word out of your mouth.

You've been arguing a lot. Are you drunk already?

Moron.

But this isn't really the place to argue.

We go silent.

I feel like saying something when…

Hey.

Shiho speaks up.

What?

Do you have a crush on anyone?

What?

This isn't alcohol, is it?

I'm not drunk. I'm serious.

You've been on this topic a lot lately.

Is that a problem? I just wanna know.

In a somewhat disinterested tone, I say…

Not really, no.

Hmm…

She sounds so disinterested that I might as well have just commented on the weather.

What about you?

Me? I don't think so.

How are you not sure?

It's all just a pain.

What is? Falling in love?

It's not just about love or hate. I think guys and girls can get together without any of that.

I'm not sure I understand.

Why not? Like, I'm not here with you because I love you or anything.

Of course not.

And if I did love you, I'm sure I'd also be here. So what's the difference?

Stupid, there's a huge difference between friends and a couple.

Oh, how so? You just feel differently about them.

It's not just a feeling. It's all different.

Isn't that just based on what standards you have for them?

I don't get what you're saying.

What's your problem? It's not like you love anyone.

That's beside the point.

How about you get yourself a girlfriend before you start lecturing me?

That won't be happening any time soon.

Then you don't know what you're talking about.

Shiho smiles like she's planning something.

What are you smiling about?

Oh, nothing!

You're weirding me out.

We only half pay attention to the rest of the planets, continuing our debate on romance for the remainder of the tour.

I learn that we really are like oil and water.

And that Shiho has no interest in romance herself, but still wanted to meddle in my own, I guess.

Shiho claims to have no interest in romance, but that was contradicted by the fact that she brought up the subject.

What would her ideal boyfriend be like?

I had to wonder.

*yaaawn*

As I walk, I can't help but yawn.

Yuki, you seem tired again.

Akari smiles.

Last night I watched TV past 3 am and almost overslept. Thankfully, Akari came to my rescue.

Of course I was tired.

Obviously. If you didn't come wake me up, I'd still be in bed.

Hehehe, good thing I did.

Personally, I might've preferred sleeping.

That wouldn't have been a good idea.

I know.

We are approaching the hill when…

Good morning, you two!

Shiho runs up past us.

Good morning, Shiho.

Hey.

Shiho stares at us.

Hmm, if you're with her, I'm guessing you overslept again.

She sounds awfully confident in her assessment.

I'm almost offended.

What? Are you making fun of me?

No, not at all.

She waves her hand, denying it.

It's nice that you have such a great childhood friend. But you need to get it together before her good will runs out.

Worry about yourself. I don't ask Akari to help me like this. You can't tell me to get it together because of what she's choosing to do.

You hear that, Akari? This slacker doesn't appreciate you.

She speaks in an exaggerated fashion, as if this somehow involves her.

Well, excuse me for being a slacker.

W-Well, he's always been like this.

Geez, you have to be harder on him or you'll be looking after him forever.

I don't think Akari wants you sticking your nose in her business either.

Shut up, I'm just offering advice!

You're just arguing for the sake of arguing.

You complain about everything I say and do. What's that about? Don't tell me it's because you're into me.

Shiho is half-teasing this time.

You can't just say that!

I'm trying to think of a comeback when…

Come on, you two.

Akari intervenes.

It always goes like this.

Look, see how Akari's always looking after us? Girls this nice are a rare breed nowadays.

What are you talking about now?

That comment is a break from the usual pattern.

You're acting weird today, Shiho.

I notice something is off before Akari says anything.

I feel like she's making an effort to talk up Akari.

Oh? Now that you mention it, I am acting weird. Ahaha.

Even she seems to notice. Then, it's like she tries to play off her awkwardness.

…

…

We have no response to that.

Well, apparently I'm being weird today, so I'll be going!

She turns around and hurries up the hill.

Was that a bad omen?

I dunno…

After being left behind by Shiho, all Akari and I can do is look at each other.

Hey, Hiro!

Shiho comes to visit during fifth period break.

What is it? I'm not interested in your info right now, thanks.

Don't treat me like a newspaper salesman!

Then what do you want?

Want to go head to head at the usual arcade today?

The arcade? What game do you want to play?

The jet ski game.

What? You beat me once and now you let that get to your head? Let me guess, you want to make me experience defeat again?

I lost to Shiho at the jet ski game last time.

It was to be expected after she was coached by a master and practiced so much.

She probably came to challenge me to another game because she thinks she'll be able to beat me again.

Winning just comes down to luck. All you have to do is try.

Uh huh, luck, right.

Like you'd be asking me to play if you didn't think you were gonna win.

Well, whatever.

I've been practicing for this.

Well, I've gotten a little better since last time. Maybe I could win.

Then you're in?

Sure, I'll take you on.

I'll be waiting at the arcade at 3:30. Go straight there after school. If you're even a second late, you lose.

Fine, that leaves me plenty of time.

See ya!

Feeling like she's already won, Shiho winks at me and skips back to her class.

She doesn't know what's coming.

(Shiho: One Day Affection Event) (4/23, at least 8 Affection)

I go straight to the arcade, as promised.

Hey there, Hiro!

Shiho is waiting for me.

So, you didn't chicken out.

Hah, you underestimate me.

Well, give me a good challenge.

You too. Try not to be taken by surprise.

We grin confidently at each other and enter the arcade.

So that's what we're playing, right?

I point to the large jet ski game.

Yep. So you've gotten a bit better?

I wouldn't be going up against you again if I hadn't.

Yeah? I can't wait to see what you've got.

Then let me go first.

By all means.

Shiho is completely confident.

But I'm going to show her.

In battle manga, the person who shows their hand first always loses, but I know I have this.

I get on the jet ski and insert a coin.

Time to show her what I've learned!

I start by adjusting the acceleration.

I can't set the rpm too high or too low.

Start!

Looking good…

The machine passes over the waves smoothly as it accelerates.

Then, I brace myself for a turn and zoom quickly through it.

I don't forget to use the jumps to minimize my time loss.

The waves are rough in some parts and calm in others, so watching them to decide which route to take is crucial.

How about that?!

And there's the finish line!

I glance over at Shiho.

She's staring blankly at the screen.

My time was 2:01:18!

Anyone who knows this game would understand how hard it is to cut four seconds off your time.

Shiho knows that as well.

I get off the jet ski.

How'd I do?

I smirk.

…

Shiho is still stupefied.

What's wrong? Give up?

That brings her back to reality.

S-So you've gotten a little better.

She's still talking tough.

That's the spirit. Show me what you've got, Shiho.

I push her toward the jet ski.

She staggers a couple of steps forward before turning back to me.

Just watch!

She's still feigning confidence.

I'm watching.

I tease her.

This is my strategy to make her lose composure.

You're pissing me off! I'm gonna destroy you!

She turns red up to her ears and places her feet on either side of the jet ski.

It's all according to plan…

The game begins!

Shiho revs the jet ski too hard, and the machine zigzags like a wild horse right out the gate.

She tries to get it under control, but the time loss is unavoidable.

There's a big turn coming up next.

Unable to fully recover from her initial mistake, she charges through in the worst possible position.

Shiho crashes into a wall at the end of the turn.

She's far from fast.

Eventually she reaches the finish line.

Her time is 2:15:48.

Having lost her composure, Shiho fails to even use all her skills, and it produces disastrous results.

My strategy was a success.

Sorry, Shiho. You almost had it.

I say whatever I think might make her maddest.

Although I don't say anything too bad. I speak like I'm imitating Shiho, hoping that will get a rise out of her.

Y-You got me… I lost today.

It worked!

Her face is tense with anger and she says no more than that.

Typical Shiho. She's still arrogant, even in a situation like this. I can't help but laugh.

Admitting you lost when you lost? I don't know if I could do that!

I emphasize the word 'lost' each time I say it.

Y-Yeah, I'm gracious in defeat.

What she would've normally said with cool confidence sounds like a joke when she looks so aggravated.

It makes me want to provoke her further.

But it's got to be hard to accept losing like that. I really have to respect you for admitting that you lost. Even when you lose, you're cool!

Grrr!

What? You say something?

Ohohoho, nothing! A loss is a loss. So should I buy something for you at YacDonald's?

Please do!

Shiho doesn't speak much after that. She remains in a bad mood to the end.

She's probably thinking about how to get back at me.

But even I'm surprised at how much I won by.

Words can't describe how good it feels to shut Shiho up like that.

But I don't want to get overconfident.

If I want to keep winning, I can't slack off.

It's break time.

Hey! Hiro!

I was just dozing off when Shiho shouts at me.

Ugh, what?

You broke your promise yesterday!

Oh, oops!

That means you lose! You're buying me YacDonald's!

Sorry, I messed up.

You should've come and gotten me instead of waiting over there.

Yo, Hiroyuki Fujita.

I run into Shiho in the shopping arcade.

What is it, Shiho Nagaoka?

You're not doing anything, are you?

As far as I can tell, she's alone.

I take it you're not either.

Then let's do something.

Hey, don't you remember what you're supposed to say?

Huh? What are you talking about?

Remember when you apologized for that time you almost kissed me?

Like I was actually gonna kiss you! But yeah, now I remember.

Then say it, and I'll hang out with you.

Fine.

She pouts.

Go on now.

…

Her mouth moves, but I don't hear anything.

Come again?

I ask maliciously.

…Bleh.

She sticks out her tongue in retaliation.

Oh, is that what you were supposed to say?

No, I know what it is.

Then say it.

I will.

What are you embarrassed about?

Apparently, even Shiho can be embarrassed sometimes.

I stifle a laugh.

I'm gonna say it, alright?

Get on with it.

Shiho takes a deep breath.

Yuki, let's hang out!

She sounds a little frustrated, but she still strikes a sexy pose.

Had she been too embarrassed to say those words and do the action associated with them? Is that why she was so hesitant?

Pfft, alright, let's hang out.

Wh-What's so funny?!

Well, uh, the pose was really not necessary… Pfft…

Grrrrrrr!<rep rep_sweat>

I-I knew you were a weirdo, pfft, aaahahaha!

Unable to hold it in anymore, I burst out laughing.

I can't believe I just saw Shiho, of all people, do that sexy little pose.

I-I'm gonna hurt my stomach.

Look, I just remembered I promised to buy food for you, but I'm not going to if you're gonna be like that.

Shiho looks away.

Wait, you were the one trying to apologize in the first place. You can't get indignant with me.

She promises to apologize for dragging me around by buying me food.

Do you have to make fun of me so much though?

You're just asking to be made fun of.

Now I remembered.

Sh-Shut up! You better be thankful that I'm buying you stuff anyway.

That doesn't really change whether I think you're being silly.

Whatever, just come with me when you're done laughing. All this mockery, and I'm still gonna keep my promise. You'd better know me as a woman of honor now.

What honor? You're only doing what anyone would do.

You're arguing for no reason.

No, you are.

Then we go to YacDonald's.

Go on, order whatever you want.

Alright, I'll take one of everything―

Just order before I change my mind.

Man, who's buying food for who here?

It's packed in there as usual, so we go out to the plaza by the station.

I end up just buying a value meal.

If I tried buying anything different from usual, like a melon pie or sherbet or something, Shiho refused to pay, so I defaulted to this.

You're so stingy…

How about you just don't order things you don't actually want when someone else is paying for it?

You offered to pay. What are you complaining about?

Not like I'm doing it out of the kindness of my heart. I've got business with you.

Hm, what do you want, then?

Nothing much. I just wanna ask you something.

Then ask.

Okay.

Shiho nods and suddenly changes her attitude.

She stares at me.

What?

Do you… like me?

She's being oddly meek.

Her question takes me completely by surprise.

Wh-Where's this question coming from?

I almost laugh as I ask back.

She has to be messing with me.

Do you like me?

W-Wait…

Is she being serious?

Sorry, just kidding.

…Seriously?

Oh, did I let you down?

No way.

Hey, you could've at least flattered me by saying it got you excited.

If you're gonna joke around like this all the time, nobody's gonna trust you eventually.

I always lecture her like this.

I guess that would be a problem.

Rather than argue, Shiho seriously thinks about what I said.

So you bought me YacDonald's just to make a joke? That's pretty generous of you.

Oh, no, I haven't gotten to the point yet.

Of course you haven't.

I'll do that now.

Alright then.

…So we've known each other for a while, right? Since middle school.

Now she sounds solemn.

You and me?

I'm including Akari and Masashi.

Oh, yeah.

And we have a lot of fun together.

Yeah.

After we've all graduated and gotten jobs, do you think things will still be the same for us?

I don't know the future, but probably.

That'd be nice, but don't you feel like that'd be wrong?

What are you getting at?

How do you feel about Akari?

What do you mean?

Are you dense? Like, are you interested in her romantically?

Why do you want to know?

No real reason. Just for personal reference.

That's not something I'd share with you.

…You don't treat me like much of a friend.

You are my friend, but I didn't think I had to handle you with kid gloves.

Yeah, I guess that's how it is with us.

Are you just realizing that now?

Okay, wow…

Don't act shocked.

Well, whatever. So you're just never gonna tell me?

What I think about Akari?

Yep.

Man, why do you want to know?

I just told you.

Fine, then why not? I don't have any special romantic feelings for Akari.

Why not?

I've known her for so long that it'd be hard to see her like that.

She's like a little sister, if anything.

Huh, so that's how you feel?

Yeah. Satisfied?

For now, yes.

Shiho nods.

Well, you can't be the only one asking questions. What about you?

What about me?

Are there any guys you like?

Me?

Yeah, you.

I dunno.

C'mon.

Haven't we talked about this before?

…Yeah.

Then isn't that enough of an answer?

No.

Then I guess I've gotta say more.

Yep.

Alright, so…

Yes?

I don't even really know what it feels like to love someone. Do you get that?

I mean, it's when you find someone attractive and want to be with them, all that stuff.

Maybe I didn't really understand it myself either.

What? That's what love is?

Dunno, it's hard to describe.

It is hard to describe, but if we go by the definition you just gave, it'd mean I love you.

Really?

Sure. Even I can see you're above average in the looks department, and you're always fun to be around.

Is that a compliment?

Not really.

Either way, I don't think that's quite the same thing as being in love.

But isn't that what you described?

Well, if that's love, then I feel the same way. That'd me we love each other.

Are you interested in me?

I'm about to deny it, but…

Would it be bad if I was?

I give her a fairly serious reply.

It's half serious and half teasing, to be exact.

What?

Shiho looks startled.

I'm saying I'm interested in you.

I repeat myself.

Y-You shouldn't be… That's wrong.

Huh?

Shiho's freaking out…

You… Y-You have Akari.

What are you talking about?

I just remembered I need to go do something. Bye.

Shiho turns away.

Hey, where's this coming from?

I try to follow her, but…

Stop! You're not coming with me!

Shiho points at me, then hurries away.

She leaves me on my own.

What the hell?

Is she actually into me too?

I spot Shiho outside a clothing store.

She's just hanging around, not doing much of anything..

I approach her to talk.

Hey, Shiho.

Taken by surprise, Shiho turns toward me.

Then, she realizes it's me.

Oh, Hiro!

She smiles and runs over to me.

What are you doing here?

Perfect timing. Are you free?

Well, I wouldn't be here if I weren't.

Then wanna hang out?

Shiho tugs on my arm.

This is sudden. Weren't you doing something at this store?

I peer into the store and see people in our school's uniforms.

I look closer to see who's wearing them. It's Naitou and Nagata.

What? Your friends are here?

Meh, forget them.

She starts walking, dragging me with her.

Hey…

We end up going to the usual arcade.

Let's start with the arcade.

Are we competing again?

Nope, let's play as a team today.

Shiho's usually hostile and competitive, but she's being weirdly normal today.

Huh? What are you up to?

Look, let's call a truce for now.

Shiho says, walking into the arcade.

Something's fishy.

But I still follow after Shiho.

Okay, this game first.

Shiho points to a game called Heart by Heart.

It's an action game in which high school girls fight giant hamsters and rabbits and such. It makes no sense.

The school uniform designs look familiar.

Always with these weird games.

We usually just played competitive games, so it makes me suspicious when she suggests that we play on the same team.

Well, whatever.

I'll find out what she's thinking after we start.

We sit down on the chairs.

Then, we insert 100 yen and start the game.

I'll play as Miho. My singing voice gives people chills.

It does more than give people chills. It's deadly.

Hey, how rude.

I mean, it does kill, right?

It stuns.

Man…

Quick complaining and pick a character.

Then I'll pick Lady Soara.

She's probably the easiest to use and strongest character.

What?!

What?

Are you trying to kill me?

What are you talking about? I just picked whoever gives me the best chance to survive. You shouldn't pick a weak character just because you identify with her.

Hrrm, sounds like you're underestimating Miho.

Am I wrong?

I'll show you just how wrong you are.

Try it.

We argue as we clear the first stage.

We're both familiar with this part.

Stage 2.

Neither of us have picked up a Barrier yet.

That naturally leaves us in a less secure position.

While it's a cooperative game, I want to make sure I grab one before my partner who only cares about surviving herself does.

Yah, headbutt!

Miho knocks Soara into a daze.

Uh, hey!

I got an item!

But what Miho picks up is a Power Down.

Hahaha, good for you!

Grrr!

Stage 3.

Soara finally gets a Barrier.

I thought I'd gotten ahead of Miho, but then she picks up a Barrier too.

But our hostile gameplay despite being on the same team leads us to both lose our Barriers.

We're both practiced enough to get through Stage 4 and 5 despite dragging each other down.

If a stranger were to see us, they might think that we're a gamer couple.

Then, we reach Stage 13.

The tension is getting out of control.

C'mon, bring it!

Oh, don't kill her!

Miho strikes down a laser woman.

She keeps firing her laser as she falls.

Soara is in her path.

That chips away at the Barrier I just got.

You'll pay for that!

On Stage 17, I finally have an opportunity of my own.

I successfully use Miho as a stepping stone.

By repeatedly stepping on her, I stop her from moving.

Uh, hey, move it!

Oh? Sorry, can't seem to get off.

You liaaaaaar!

As she whines, Miho is struck by a carrot and killed.

Victory… Wait, no, you okay?!

No! The dead don't talk!

Then keep quiet.

Grrrrrr!

Stage 21.

By now we're fighting to knock each other out as soon as the stage begins.

Stand still!

No, you stop!

The enemies die in the crossfire.

I don't know if we're good at this game or not.

Stage 25.

At this point, we can't just focus on each other anymore.

If we aren't careful, even the weakest foes can get us.

The enemies are increasing in number.

Hurry up and die.

No, you.

We must sound insane.

At last we reach Stage 29.

Stage 27 is an unexpected struggle that leaves both Soara and Miho with no lives left.

That's a rough way to go into the final boss battle.

Hiro.

Yeah.

We eye each other.

We're so focused on the fight after that, that I don't remember the rest well.

But when the boss explodes, we're together on the screen.

So we must've played pretty well.

Aaah, that's over with.

I stretch and stand up, then notice that a few people had been watching us play.

Did they see all of our pathetic fighting?

I'm a bit embarrassed.

Oh, thank you, thank you.

Shiho acts friendly to the audience.

What are you doing?

Hey, we beat the game. Can't we be proud of that?

Is it that big a deal?

After thinking about it for a minute, I realize that beating the game with no continues is no small feat.

Maybe it really was impressive.

We keep playing at the arcade until dark.

Then, we walk to the station.

It's always fun hanging out with you!

Shiho remarks as soon as we step outside.

It's a casual statement, but I don't miss the hidden meaning in there.

Hey, do you not have fun with the other girls?

What?

She looks puzzled.

I mean Naitou and Nagata. Weren't you with them? Was it okay for you to sneak off like that?

…What do you mean?

She pauses for a moment before saying that.

My hunch was right.

You were never the same as those girls anyway.

What? Are you saying I'm more childish than them?

You don't match them, at least.

…

That silences Shiho.

I keep talking anyway.

Masashi and I can tell you're spending time with them to try and act more mature. Akari probably sees it too.

…

You've been acting weird.

Shiho glances at me.

I just don't get what they're thinking sometimes.

She finally speaks.

Right. You're not like them.

That's not true!

Then why'd you ditch them without saying anything?

…

You don't really like them, do you?

Honestly, they're a little exhausting.

Then stop making yourself hang out with them.

I'll think about it.

Shiho mutters right as we reach the entrance to the station.

See you later.

I wave my right hand.

Oh, yeah, bye.

Shiho waves back.

Seeing that, I turn away.

Hiro.

I look back when she says my name.

Playing co-op with you was fun.

She puts emphasis on 'co-op'.

Just don't drag me down.

Only if you don't.

Then, we really part ways.

On the way home, I think to myself…

She doesn't get them, huh?

I feel like this is the first time I've heard Shiho talk about herself.

I guess she's got her own problems.

Hey, Shiho.

Oh, Hiro.

You going to YacDonald's or what?

You're in luck. You get to eat with us.

What, is someone else here?

Akari's inside.

You're with Akari? I do happen to be hungry, so maybe I'll get something.

Then come on in.

You don't need to invite me, it's not your house.

I walked in and saw Akari standing in line at the counter.

I'm back! I bought the goods.

Oh, okay. Thanks, Shiho… Wait, Yuki?

When Akari notices I'm with Shiho, she's shocked.

Hey.

We set the food we ordered on trays and head up to the second floor.

There are some nice open seats by the window.

Let's go over there.

Shiho, not holding a tray of her own, quickly takes a seat.

Okay, you sit here. Akari, you sit here.

Shiho suggests the seats opposite her.

When Akari and I sit down, Shiho pulls cans of juice out of her bag.

Here you go, Akari.

Okay, thanks.

I was wondering why you didn't buy drinks. So you already had them?

I like this better than what they've got here.

The staff aren't gonna like this.

Who cares? It's not like you're not allowed to bring drinks.

Have some shame.

With a wry smile, I unwrap my burger.

The smell of the meat reaches my nostrils.

It's a garlic steak burger… Even the name sounds delicious.

After enjoying the aroma, I take a bite out of it.

Is it good, Yuki?

Akari peers up at me.

All she has is french fries and juice.

The meat's tough.

The steak-style patty tastes pretty decent, but it's hard to chew.

I have to be careful not to pull the whole thing out of the bun.

So it's not good?

Well, it doesn't taste bad.

I take another bite.

Ugh, that's tough.

I tug on it with my teeth and end up pulling everything out.

In a mere two bites, the bread loses everything except the steak sauce that had soaked into the bun.

Man, there's too much sauce, the meat's tough… It's hard to even eat this.

Heheh, you've got sauce all over your mouth.

Akari takes out a napkin.

I thank her and take it, then wipe my mouth as I look across the table.

Shiho has ordered the same thing.

But she's just grinning at me, her burger still in its wrapper.

Hey Shiho, what's so funny?

Don't mind me. Go on.

I don't understand what she's talking about.

Go on with what?

Keep talking.

Saying that, she looks between Akari and me.

Akari, she's acting weird, right?

Yeah, a little.

Akari looks puzzled too.

Shiho's still grinning and watching us talk.

It's unsettling.

Shiho, are you happy about something?

Yep. I just love seeing you two getting along.

???

Shiho, could you stop creeping us out?

Oh, am I?

She seems confused.

Right, sorry. I haven't even started eating yet!

She starts to unwrap her burger.

That's not what I meant.

The usually talkative Shiho just keeps smiling in silence that day.

No matter what I asked, she just told us to keep talking.

What was she thinking?

It felt like Shiho was getting weirder and weirder.

Shiho comes to visit during fifth period break.

Hey, Hiroyuki.

What?

I'm guessing she wants to go hang out after school.

Wanna do karaoke after school?

You really love karaoke. Is it gonna be a competition again?

Nope, I just wanna sing.

Oh really?

I say…

A. I guess that's fine.

B. I'm not in the mood.

I guess that's fine. Who else is going?

Doesn't seem like Akari's around. I'll tell her about it later, but I doubt Masashi can go, so it might just be the three of us.

Hah, you're probably happy to have fewer people.

Shiho cackles.

Ahaha, indeed!

You're such an opportunist.

Well, I'll come get you after school. Stay in the classroom.

Sure.

After I nod, Shiho leaves with a wide smile.

The bell rings for the end of school.

I'm going to karaoke with Shiho and Akari after this.

I toss my bag onto the desk and wait.

Yuki.

Akari comes to my desk.

Hey, is it just you going?

Yeah, probably.

Huh. Then we're just waiting for the Queen of Songs.

Hehe, right.

We chat until…

Hi folks, sorry I kept you!

Shiho arrives.

Took you long enough.

Sorry! I hurried, but the teacher didn't care.

Obviously.

We end up stopping in the shopping arcade on the way there, so by the time we get to the usual karaoke place, the sun is setting.

Ahaha, look at all these stamps I got!

What happens when you collect enough?

You get a discount, of course. The more you sing, the more you gain!

Except you don't actually. These systems prey on people like you.

Shiho's recital begins.

Akari and I sing too, but not nearly as much.

For every song we sing, she sings two.

And the costs are adding up by the minute.

Yuki.

What?

Do you think Shiho could become a singer?

Who knows? She changes her mind so often that she could decide on a different goal tomorrow.

Maybe you're right.

We secretly smile at each other.

And then…

Ah, ah, aaah!

Shiho shrieks in a weird tone.

What the hell?

Is this some new technique?

My phone, my phone!

Just stop yelling into the mic.

You handle the rest!

She puts down the mic and leaves the room.

Even she couldn't talk on the phone while singing.

I pick up the mic and wing it through the rest of the song.

*clap, clap, clap* Very good, Yuki. You could give Shiho a run for her money.

Don't patronize me.

Then Shiho returns.

Sorry about that!

She presses her palms together and apologizes.

What was that about?

Something urgent came up. We've got this place for another two and a half hours, but you'll have to go on without me! Oh, I'll pay.

As soon as she finishes talking, she scurries off.

Hey! We're not you! You expect us to do this for another two hours?!

But it's too late.

Akari and I look at each other.

What should we do, Yuki?

Well, is there any song you want to sing?

Nope, I just wanted to hear Shiho sing.

We end up leaving the karaoke place after three more songs.

Alright, should we go home?

Okay.

We go to the station.

Anywhere else you want to go first, Akari? I'll go with you.

Nope, nowhere… Oh!

Akari exclaims, pointing right at Shiho.

Shiho looks surprised too.

She runs right over.

Hey! Why'd you leave so soon?!

I mean, it's not very exciting when it's just us.

That's a problem.

What's the problem?

I set everything up for you! What are you doing?!

I didn't quite understand, but Shiho was furious.

What the heck?! Are you two gonna go on like this forever?! Think of all the work I'm doing for you!

Hey, what are you even upset about?

Shut up! If I could tell you, I already would've! Urgh, I'm pissed! Just spend your lives like this, see if I care! Bye!

She said all that in one breath, then turned around and dashed away.

H-Hey, Shiho.

What's going on?

I turn to Akari to ask her.

Yuki, go after her.

She says that before I can ask anything.

And then what?

…

She doesn't say anything.

I…

A. Go after her.

B. Don't go after her.

Sorry, but I'm not in the mood.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!

Complain all you want, but I'm not going inside.

Tch, lame!

See you later.

Uh-huh.

Annoyed, Shiho waves at me and keeps walking.

Fine, I'll go.

Okay…

After getting a nod from Akari, I chase after Shiho.

I can't see her anymore, but I know what direction she ran off into.

For whatever reason, she was heading toward Akari's and my neighborhood.

Regardless, I run after her, making use of the speed I'd honed by almost being late to school every day.

It takes a while to catch up, but I end up finding her near the shopping arcade.

Shiho!

She looks mad.

Why'd you follow me?

She turns and walks off.

Hey, hold on.

Where's Akari?

I left her behind.

What'd you come here for?

I dunno, what'd you come here for? You're going the wrong way.

…Whatever. I might as well walk to your house with you.

I don't mind, I guess.

I don't know why, but Shiho and I return home together.

When we get to the usual park, Shiho points to the swings and asks if I'm interested.

I nod.

Did you know I'm an expert at swings?

…

One time I swung so high that I almost did a full 360.

She gets on the swing.

Unfortunately for her, I have no interest in expert swing techniques.

I'm more curious about what made her mad.

I try asking about it.

Hey, so about what just happened…?

Don't worry about it. I was just a little irritated.

Shiho answers before I can get all the words out.

Why? What was there to get mad about? Akari and I were just doing what we always do.

You can't just stay childhood friends forever, y'know.

What the hell? That's what we are. What more would we be?

Telling you would defeat the point.

So, you're saying we should be boyfriend and girlfriend, right? I've noticed you've been acting weird and having us sit together lately. That's what this is about?

Ugh…

It was all so infantile that I couldn't even tell what you were trying to do.

Y-Yeah, so I'm infantile. So sorry.

But there's one more thing I don't get.

What?

Why'd you start doing this stuff recently?

Wh-Who cares about that?

I do. That's why I chased after you.

It doesn't matter.

Just tell me.

No.

Tell me.

No.

Tell me.

No!

Tell me!

Shut up! If you knew how Akari felt―

Shiho stops herself and frantically covers her mouth.

I don't know how Akari feels?

Oh, forget that. It was nothing.

Watching Shiho panic makes me smile a little.

I see.

Wh-What? I said it was nothing.

So, it's finally come to this.

Why are you acting like you've got everything figured out?

I do know how Akari feels.

…

And I know how you feel too.

Shiho looks at me with shock.

You're trying to help with your best friend's romance, right?

If you knew, then why didn't you do anything?

I didn't want to, that's why. I feel like it'd wreck the friendship between you, me, Akari, and Masashi.

Why? Everyone knows you and Akari are into each other.

Then they don't know much.

What?

You've thought about how Akari feels, but have you ever thought about how I feel?

How do you feel?

If I ever acted on my feelings, the relationship the four of us have would never be the same again.

What do you mean?

It's not Akari I want to be with. It's you.

I confess.

…

Shiho is silent.

Say something.

That's gonna hurt Akari.

Don't worry about Akari. What about you?

What?

I want to know how you feel.

H-How I feel about you?

Shiho looks away.

I hate you.

She mutters.

Yeah? So I've been rejected?

…

Come on, there must be someone you're into.

…

She doesn't answer.

I continue.

But there's another girl who likes him, and she's your best friend, so you're trying to let her have him.

…

Am I wrong?

M-Must be one lucky guy.

That's really how you want things to end? I'm asking you this for your sake.

I… I don't care. I'm fine with him being with her.

Liar. If you don't care, why'd you get so upset?

Because, I told Akari to do her best. If we got together now then it'd be like I was lying when I said that.

Were you not lying?

No! I mean, it's only recently that I…

She goes quiet.

That you what?

I realized! I realized I might like the guy too.

Nothing wrong with that. Well, it might be sad for Akari, but still…

It is wrong. If I tell Akari, I'm sure she'll just smile and let me have him. That's a smile I never want to see.

How's that any different from what you're doing? If Akari knew how you feel, she'd do the same.

…

…

Then we'll just have to make sure she never finds out.

Shiho acts like she just thought of that.

I guess, but…

Look, maybe we have feelings for each other, but are we gonna just suddenly start walking around holding hands tomorrow? I don't think anything really needs to change.

I can't help but imagine it.

Shiho and I holding hands?

Y-You have a point.

I give her a little nod.

She's right.

If we just keep going to arcades and karaoke together, we can continue on as usual while dating.

It'll be the same as always. We can just do that.

Y-Yeah.

I reflexively nod again. Shiho grins.

If that's what it's like, maybe I could date that guy.

That guy? Enough of that already.

Al-Alright, sounds good.

I just nod.

So, Shiho and I are going to be a couple?

And then…

To tell you the truth, I was mostly just scared that things would change for the four of us.

She sounds relieved.

So we were all thinking the same thing?

Oh, but not in the sense that someone falling for someone could ruin things. I mean like everything could stay peaceful for a long time, but eventually something might change.

I get how you feel, but people change.

Duh, but some changes are bad.

I guess so.

Hey…

Shiho pauses for a moment before asking something.

What?

Do you think we'll still be together, like, even way after graduation?

You and me?

No, stupid, don't get ahead of yourself. I mean Akari and Masashi too.

R-Right.

I panic for a bit before saying that I'm not sure.

Well, whether we go to college or get jobs, we're never going to all end up in the same school or workplace.

Hey, we're not kids anymore. We can't stick together forever.

I know we can't. It just feels like we'll be walking different paths in life, y'know?

Yeah…

And then I'd miss everyone.

…

The four of us can't be best friends forever.

That's probably part of growing up, but I understand how Shiho feels all too well.

I can't deny that I feel the same way.

So I get it.

Man, that was a lame thing to say. I wasn't really planning to tell you about this stuff.

Shiho hops off the swing.

Sounded to me like you were confiding in me.

Wh-What are you talking about?

Shiho gets annoyed.

Turns out even you can be kinda cute sometimes. Who knew?

S-Stupid, don't be silly. I'm going home.

She's about to scurry away.

Hey, Shiho.

Wh-What?

So, who is it you're into?

I know, but I ask anyway.

I want to hear her say it.

Y-You don't need me to tell you.

But I don't know.

How about you say who you like? It's not like it's written all over your face.

I'll say it if you say it.

Don't be ridiculous. You first.

Don't be shy.

Y-You don't be shy.

Can't you just be honest about how you feel?

Wh-Why don't you be honest about how you feel?

I already was, remember?

Then make it more clear!

Ugh, you're so annoying! This is never gonna end.

It'll end if you just say it.

Fine, then I will. I like Shiho Nagaoka. That is all.

I blurt out the truth.

Wh-What the heck?! I didn't hear any emotion in that at all!

Shut up, I said it. Now you say it.

Hmph. Then I'll be the same way about it.

Shiho puts on a sullen face.

I…

Then she goes quiet.

Spit it out.

I…

Go on now.

I hate you! Why do I have to say it?!

Wh-What?!

You don't have to confirm every little detail. Just going on like we always have is enough.

Then, she turns around.

H-Hey.

I frantically try to stop her.

See you tomorrow!

Shiho waves goodbye and runs off.

I feel like I really lost out.

That's what I think to myself as I head home.

Well, we didn't have to say anything to see the relationship between us.

We'd actually been dating for a long time.

We argued like children whenever we saw each other.

Our parents were still supporting us, so we were more or less children anyway.

As fellow children, maybe we complemented each other well.

Satisfied with that logic, I return home.

Hiro, let's go do karaoke!

Sure.

And so, Shiho and I continued to have the same relationship as usual.

We competed at karaoke the same way.

We battled at the arcade the same way.

We argued about whatever the same way.

Well, we at least started kissing, but…

After graduation, she went to a junior college in Kansai.

I know she did at least some studying throughout high school, but I'm surprised she got into any college.

What's more surprising is that she was the one to break the harmony between the four of us.

She was the one who wanted us all to stay together forever, yet she moved far away.

But now I kind of understand how she felt.

If things couldn't always stay the same, then she might as well have been the first to change.

It was the kind of bold move I expected of her.

But the problem was her relationship with me.

After she moved, I never received a letter or even a phone call.

It bothered me at first, but this was also typical of her, so I decided to forget about it.

Ugh…<rep rep_sweat>

Oh man…

How am I gonna make it to class on time?

I shouldn't have let Akari go on ahead without me.

I had gotten too comfortable with college life and by junior year, my grades were suffering as a result.

I started going to class more regularly and managed to pull it together enough in the second half of junior year that I was able to advance and become a senior.

I'd fallen into a pattern of screwing around for the first half of the year and making up for it in the second. I never even dreamed I'd end up in this situation.

By the time I realized that I'd played around too much, my circumstances were dire.

If I missed this class that was starting in thirty minutes, my nightmares would become reality.

I tried to keep moving forward, but I was no longer running to make it to school on time as I did back in high school, and my laziness had weakened my legs.

I was in serious trouble.

I was freaking out when…

Hey, you!

Someone calls out to me.

It's a lady in sunglasses sitting in a car.

I look around assuming she's talking to someone else, but nobody else is there.

Yeah, you.

Dressed in street-style fashion, the lady nods from her red convertible.

Me?

Yes, you, the guy right there.

Do you need something?

Get in.

Huh?

Stop fooling around!

Huh?

I'm only getting more confused.

God, you're annoying. Do you not recognize me?

She raises her sunglasses and winks.

I've seen this lady before.

Between her face and behavior, the memories come rushing back.

Are you Shiho?!

Hey, so you finally remembered.

Been a while. What've you been up to?

I ask casually, speaking as if I just saw her yesterday.

Doesn't matter, just get in the car.

S-Sure.

I'd almost forgotten the predicament I'm in.

A car can get me to class in time.

I jump into the passenger's seat.

Get me to school quick.

School?

University, yeah.

What? You're gonna be late?

If I'm late, the professor will fail me, and then I won't be able to graduate.

Fail you? It's that bad?

Yeah, so hurry.

Shiho's face goes stiff for a moment, and then…

Ahahaha, you are such an idiot! Same old Hiro.

She slaps the steering wheel as she laughs.

Don't laugh, drive.

Ahaha, sorry, sorry. I'll get on that.

The engine roars.

Shiho quickly turns the wheel, and the red convertible does a U-turn.

I cling to the door to avoid flying out.

Can't you drive a little smoother?

I ask once the car is finally driving straight.

Oh yeah, I guess the cops might whine about that in this country.

That's a strange way to put that.

This country? Where have you been, then?

The US.

C'mon, have you gotten worse at lying since I last saw you?

I'm serious.

What the hell? Are you studying abroad or what?

It's for work.

What job?

I'm a journalist.

What? So you haven't changed at all. What was it in high school? The Shiho Information Network? Don't tell me you're still doing that.

Oh, so you get it.

Seriously?

The whole world loves hearing about celebrity scandals.

So you're chasing after scandals in the US? Can you even speak English?

I speak it well enough. I couldn't really hold a conversation for the first year or so, but when there's nothing but English around you, you get desperate.

Wow, well done.

They love me over there. People know about 'Shiho Info' across the globe.

Are you seriously still using that name?

It's easy to remember.

A wry smile spreads across my face. It's so like Shiho to go all in on something like this.

I guess. So what brings you back to Japan? Got time off?

Well, I was told to do some work back here. I wasn't too happy about it though.

Why not? I'd think things should be more comfortable for you here.

Japan doesn't make things easy. Like, say I get in a crazy car chase going after a celebrity, and I hit a few cars in the process, but I end up getting the scoop.

That does sound very American.

I imagine it like a scene in a movie.

Yeah, in America I could get away with hitting a car or two once they see what I accomplished.

Sure… I feel like America might let you get away with that.

But in Japan they'd make a huge deal out of it. You'd have reports about paparazzi road rage. The stories would be all about me and not the celebrity.

Yeah, probably, but do you really like to get that wild chasing after stories?

Hm, well, it is fun, but I don't think anyone would run away in so exciting a fashion in Japan anyway.

Umm, and that makes you lose interest?

Pretty much.

Then we both go silent for a while.

I gaze at Shiho's face from the side.

Now that I'm really looking at her, I can't help but feel nostalgic.

It's almost like nothing has changed, but not quite.

She disappeared from our lives four years ago.

I don't know if it's because of some struggles she had in the US, but she comes across as somewhat more mature.

She used to be childish, but now she's handling this car like a toy.

Clearly, she's changed.

She's grown into a capable, beautiful woman.

As I'm thinking that…

Oh right, so Lemmy wanted to know how you're doing.

Lemmy?

Right, Lemmy suddenly moved back to the US in the middle of our junior year of high school.

I stay at her house when I'm out west. She's been my English teacher and a close friend.

Huh, how's she been?

Oh, she's great.

Yeah?

Hey, you wanna ditch class and go check out the old school?

Shiho suddenly brings the car to a stop.

Are you nuts? I can't do that.

I get it, but look up there before saying that.

Shiho points to the traffic up ahead.

Oh man, seriously?

How many minutes do you have?

Around nineteen, I think.

Yeah, that's not happening. This car would have to either have sirens or be able to fly.

Crap…

So this is really gonna be bad for you?

Probably.

Do you think they could let you off the hook if you report this to them later?

Not sure.

You'll be fine. Your graduation depends on this, right? You're not dealing with monsters here.

…

You could just tell them that your friend Nagaoka died in an accident.

Alright, whatever, I'll figure out how to get a passing grade later. Why do you want to go to our old school?

Because I miss it.

You do? I thought you hated school.

I did, but all memories are precious.

Yeah? Well, I kind of miss it too. Let's go.

Okay!

She turns off the main road and down a side street.

We drive down that narrow road, heading for the street we used to take to school.

So…

What?

Why'd you go so far away for college?

Shiho briefly glances at me.

Well, I wasn't smart enough to go to the same school as the rest of you.

She sounds like she was joking.

Liar. If you were really that stupid, your grades wouldn't have shot up so much in senior year that you were able to go to college.

It was pretty clear at that point that you could do whatever you set your mind to.

Ah, that's my ex-boyfriend for you. You really get it.

Tell me why.

Then, with a look of resignation, she says…

Do you remember how I said I wanted us all to be together forever back then?

Yeah.

I changed my mind. I decided that if we're gonna split up one day, I should be the one who causes that.

And you didn't even talk to me about it?

Stupid, the point was to do it based solely on my own judgment.

Man, you're selfish.

Hehehe. But there was one other reason.

What?

Have you been getting along well with Akari?

Akari? Nothing's changed there, really.

Liar. There must've been some developments there.

She gives me a mildly serious look.

W-Well, sure.

I feel like she could see right through me, so I answer honestly.

Very good. Then my betrayal was canceled out.

Your betrayal?

I told you that I couldn't betray Akari. The reason I never took things further with you in high school was out of a sense of obligation to her.

You…

So, it sounds like now I can say I'm done with that obligation.

What do you mean?

You're so dumb. We're not kids anymore. It makes no sense to feel obligated to let someone else have the person you love. It was childish to think I was a good person for that.

Hey, so what you're saying is…

Akari and I are best friends, but we're romantic rivals, starting today. And I'm not holding back.

Shiho…

You're so dumb.

You already won that one in high school only to give it up because you cared so much about Akari.

Akari's got some great friends.

Look, we're here.

She announces that we've arrived at the school.

Huh, I thought it would've changed more.

When Shiho gets out of the car and looks up at the building, that's the first thing she says.

I guess it's only been four years.

So much has happened since graduation that it felt more like ten.

Ten years?

What do you think we'll be doing in ten years?

No idea.

I still feel like I remember high school like it was yesterday, but maybe I'm actually looking back on it through the lens of nostalgia.

Maybe.

Don't you wish you could remember it all as it was for the rest of your life?

That would be nice, but the rest of our lives will be spent making more memories. It'd be hard to hold onto them all.

Sounds like fun. You could drag a pile of memories along through life. That's like bringing lots of snacks on a trip.

Well, don't complain to me if all that ends up weighing you down.

It won't, you'll see. But if it does get heavy, you can help carry a little.

Stupid.

Then, Shiho suddenly heads toward the school.

She turns back.

'And aaalll the cherry blossoms bloomed!' Remember that?

Yeah, that was a popular song back in the day.

This is a song about moving forward into the future step by step, sometimes reminiscing about the past, even as we grow older.

That song is just perfect for us right now.

It'll be fine. Tomorrow she'll probably act like nothing happened.

But Shiho…

Just don't worry about it. She happened to be in a bad mood today.

Okay…

Akari nods.

Then, we return home as usual.

I run into Shiho in the hallway.

She looks at my face.

Ah, Fujita. On your way home?

She speaks in an unnatural tone, like that of an upper class girl.

Since when have you called me Fujita? Don't talk like that.

Yeah, I guess it doesn't suit me.

Shiho sticks out her tongue.

I…

A. Keep talking.

B. Ditch her.

Why are you even acting like that?

No major reason. Just researching ways to be more attractive.

What the hell?

Spring is the season of love, right? Everyone's been going on about how they want a new boyfriend.

And?

I figure I might as well join them.

So you were trying to think of ways to seduce a man, then.

Hey, if anyone had heard that, they would've gotten the wrong idea.

How? Isn't that exactly what you're doing?

I'm looking for a wonderful romantic encounter. You make me sound like a cat in heat.

Pfft, nice comparison! You really are a cat in heat.

I couldn't have put it better myself.

Oh, shut up.

Anyway, if that's how you flirt, you've got a ways to go as a woman.

Oh yeah? And you think you know everything?

Shiho pouts.

Man, she doesn't get it.

So then I…

A. Make something up.

B. Give up on her.

C. Lecture her.

Your little 'cute girl' act was way outdated. That's not what girls do now.

I present myself like an expert.

I don't want her to see right through me right away.

I see, I see…

Shiho sounds like she wants to know more.

You need to take a more direct approach.

I keep talking, doing my best to appear earnest.

Like what?

Like raising up your skirt to where your thighs are almost fully visible, but not quite. That'll get most men.

Hmmmm…

She nods sincerely.

This idiot's buying it.

That's just the basics of showing skin.

I kept making things up as I went along.

Hey.

Then, Shiho rubs up against me.

Wh-What?

Want to see?

She flutters her skirt.

S-Sure.

I awkwardly nod.

I don't think about it most of the time, but Shiho just reminded me she's a member of the opposite sex.

Then come with me.

Alright.

Shiho leads me by the hand towards the bathroom and…

…Wait, no! Stupid! You sick pervert!

She suddenly pushes me away.

Whoa!

She catches onto me.

Showing skin?! Who's stupid enough to believe all that?!

Sorry.

Maybe I went too far this time.

I decide to act like I'm giving up on her.

That's sure to bother her.

Heh… Sounds like you don't understand the first thing about what I'm saying. You've got a long way to go.

I fill my statement with false implications.

What are you trying to say?

Shiho's curious, as expected.

I thought maybe you knew some things, but you're still a child.

I try to make it sound like I pity her.

Why are you looking at me like that?!

Oh, I'm just realizing you're hopeless, that's all.

Now I really wanna know what you were gonna say!

Never mind that. Forget I said anything.

I don't actually have anything to say, though.

Maybe I should get ready to get out of here before I run out of material.

I back away from Shiho.

Just tell me, geez!

It's not really important.

Heeey! Tell meee!

Bye!

I dash away the moment she takes her eyes off me.

However, I immediately crash into and bounce off of a soft wall.

Then, I collide with Shiho behind me and come to a stop.

Owwww… Hey, can you get off me?!

S-Sorry.

I frantically get back up.

But what'd I crash into in the middle of the hall?

Oh, Lemmy.

Shiho speaks up.

Hi!

I should have noticed. A blonde beauty is standing right in front of us.

It's our classmate, Lemmy Miyauchi.

Hi!

Shiho answers.

Hey.

So do I.

No running in the hallway!

With that, Lemmy leaves.

Y'know, Lemmy's really pretty from up close.

Yeah…

She's overwhelmingly popular with the boys, but they must be worried about cultural differences, because nobody actually tries to go out with her.

I personally don't think they should be worried about that.

Now, back to what you were saying!

Oh crap! Lost my chance to get away!

Eventually, Shiho figures out I was making things up. She really let me have it then…

Anyway, it doesn't sound like you're looking to meet a guy and have a romantic encounter so much as you're trying to seduce a guy.

So what if I am?

Personally, I think romantic encounters are just random. They're not something you look for.

And I don't think her attractiveness factors into it either.

Is that what the ideal romance is to you? You're so behind the times.

Wh-What?

This isn't a movie or TV show. If you're just gonna wait around for an opportunity, you won't find love in your lifetime, let alone this spring.

If that happens, I'll just consider myself unlucky and give up!

My goodness. You shouldn't throw away your life like that, boy.

Ugh, whatever. Try your approach if you want, but it's gonna hurt you.

Then I guess I'll be living it up without you.

You do that.

Well, bye-bye.

I promptly end the conversation.

W-Wait, you're leaving already?

Talking to you never leads to anything good.

C'mon, you don't really mean that.

Oh, I do. 1000%.

I hurry away.

Thankfully, Shiho seems to have given up. She doesn't follow me.

Heeey!

I'm walking past the station.

Someone is shouting.

Heeey!

Sounds like she's calling for someone.

You there!

Not me, right?

You, Hiroyuki Fujita!

Ugh, me?

I quickly turn to see who it was.

Over here!

I see someone hopping in the crowd. Her pink school uniform stands out.

Is that Shiho?

Don't call me by my full name in public. It's embarrassing.

I pretend to be someone else and approach Shiho.

Hey there, Hiro!

Hey, quit embarrassing me.

How am I embarrassing you?

By shouting my full name where everyone can hear.

Oh, is that all? Who cares? It's not like anyone knows you.

That's not the problem.

Then what's the problem?

Argh, forget it. What do you want?

Oh right, I almost forgot.

If it's something you could've forgotten, don't bother me about it.

I'll do what I want. Look, that ice cream place has something new on the menu.

That place is pretty good. So they've got something new?

Yep, but I feel like people think I'm weird when I go out to eat alone. That's where you come in.

Why are you worried about something that trivial when you're willing to scream my name in public?

Why are you so embarrassed about your name? I'll say it as much as I want.

Enough. So you want me to get ice cream with you?

That about sums it up, yeah.

I see.

Well…

A. Sure.

B. I'll pass.

Sure. I like their ice cream plenty myself.

The shop was next to the station and popular enough that everyone killing time nearby had ice cream in one hand.

Alright, then let's do it.

We head to the ice cream shop.

Hey, so what's new on the menu?

I ask as we walk.

Oh, you don't know?

Nope.

Um, there's melon cocoa, watermelon coffee, and green tea milk.

Ick, none of those sound normal. Are those even edible?

They're getting great reviews.

I don't believe it.

I waited to hear opinions first myself.

I feel like I shouldn't have asked.

Don't be silly. If you didn't ask now, you'd be paralyzed at the counter.

Fair enough.

It's better to decide ahead of time. Which do you want?

I think I'll pass.

What are you afraid of? They're not gonna sell something you can't eat.

But not everything's for everyone.

Coward, don't run away. I'll pick for you if I have to.

Fine, I'll do what I must.

Stupid, it's just ice cream.

Shut up.

So what are you going for?

I'll get…

A. Melon cocoa.

B. Watermelon coffee.

C. Green tea milk.

Melon cocoa, I guess.

I imagine a cup of cocoa with a piece of melon stuck in it.

They'd probably taste good eaten separately, but together?

I do like both melon and cocoa!

I think everyone likes both those things on their own.

Why do you have to be so negative? Go on, buy some!

Minutes later…

Hey.

What?

Do you like it?

What about you?

Well, I think it's…

Should we say it at the same time?

I nod.

One, two…

It's awful!

It's awful!

It's awful!

It's awful!

It's awful!

We sigh in unison.

There must be some mistake. Something's wrong with our taste buds.

Can't be. Our taste buds are right and the reviews are wrong.

Maybe.

Watermelon coffee, maybe? That seems like the safest choice.

Then I'll get that too.

What, you're not going to pick on your own?

Nah, I could've gone for any of them.

Minutes later…

Well? Well?

Hmmm, it's normal, I guess.

It just tastes like coffee, really.

You notice the watermelon aftertaste?

Maybe, not sure.

What do you mean you're not sure? Taste the watermelon before it's all gone.

I'm fine with it just being coffee ice cream.

They do sell milk with that flavor at the convenience store.

It sounds like an absurd combination, but it probably actually tastes good.

G-Green tea milk, maybe?

I pick the safest option.

Huh, maybe I'll go with that too.

What, you hadn't decided already?

I could've gone for any of them.

Minutes later…

Hey, what's it taste like?

Mmm, the rich taste of green tea spreads through my mouth, then the mellow sweetness of milk comes after.

I'm not getting much out of that. Tell me in what way it's rich.

I dunno, it's rich.

That doesn't tell me anything.

I just see that word in lots of food reviews and wanted to use it.

So what's the actual flavor.

Sweet and bitter. It's pretty tasty.

Then just say that.

Well, what do you think?

The same thing as you, I guess.

It wasn't for everyone, but some people would love it.

Then was it rich?

No.

Sorry, I'll pass for today.

Oh, really? Well, your loss.

Shiho tries to make it sound like I made the wrong choice.

What?

How pitiful. Hiroyuki Fujita would never again get the chance to eat ice cream.

You're having too much fun saying something so ominous.

She's probably just trying to change my mind somehow.

Well, that's what you get for not coming with me.

Y'know I've got my own life? We can hang out some other time.

I ditch Shiho.

Lame<rep rep_sweat>

I leave school at once.

I hurry past the other students.

Ugh, I'm so bored… Oh, if it isn't Hiro? Hiro?

One of the girls I pass calls to me from behind.

It's a voice I know well.

What, Shiho? Stop saying my name.

I turn to her.

But you came at the perfect time. I just happen to be bored.

I'm not here to entertain you.

C'mon, why not? What are you in a hurry for anyway?

A. Well…

B. I'm busy.

Well… No reason, really.

What the heck? Then quit hurrying.

If I don't have other plans, I don't want to waste my free time.

Huh, so we've both got free time. Then we should hang out.

Where do you want to go?

Hmmm, wanna see a movie?

A movie? I haven't seen one in a while.

What kind of movies do you like, by the way?

Me? I like…

A. Action.

B. Comedy.

C. Horror.

I'd have to say action movies.

Explosions, gun fights, car chases, anything big and flashy like that was a thrill to watch.

Like, Guy Hard?

I love Guy Hard!

Yeah, it’s gotta be that.

But is it playing? I don't remember.

Don't think so.

Any other action movies, then?

No idea. I don't even know if there are any other action movies playing.

Then what are we gonna watch?!

Nothing. I don't have money to waste watching a movie I don't care about.

Same…

We decide against seeing a movie and just chat on the way home.

Comedies can be pretty nice.

Just one gut-busting joke can put me in a good mood.

Huh, you like comedies?

What, you didn't know that?

You do seem pretty lifeless all the time. You've gotta be hungry for that kind of stimulation.

Yeah, whatever.

But are there any new comedies out? I don't remember.

Haven't seen any commercials, so probably not.

What else, then? I'd watch anything.

I'd rather not. I don't have money to waste watching a movie I don't care about.

Oh, good point!

We decide against seeing a movie and just chat on the way home.

If I had to pick one genre, I'd say horror.

Oh, what a coincidence. I love horror movies too.

Huh, I would've guessed as much.

I faintly smile.

What's so funny?

Oh, nothing. I'd find that weird with normal girls, but it makes sense for you specifically.

So you're saying I'm not normal?

Well, if you want to put it that way, yeah.

Everyone has different tastes!

Okay, fine. But most girls think they're scary or creepy, right?

They shouldn't. It's all fake.

Well, what if it was real?

Real? Dunno, I'd have to experience it first.

Pretty brave, aren't you? Sounds like it'd be safe to see a scary movie then.

It would've been nice if she screamed and clung to me, honestly, but then I couldn't have focused on the movie.

That's one thing I don't have to worry about with Shiho.

But are there any horror movies playing? I don't remember.

I'm not sure. I haven't seen any commercials, so I'd guess not.

Then you wanna see something else?

I'd rather not. I don't have money to waste watching a movie I don't care about.

Same here.

We decide against seeing a movie and just chat on the way home.

I'm in a hurry because I'm busy. Bye.

I walk off.

Oh, wait, Hiro!

Hey, Shiho.

Oh, Hiro.

Heading home too?

Hey, so finals start tomorrow, huh?

Shiho jumps to an unpleasant subject.

I respond by…

A. Engaging her in conversation.

B. Ditching her.

Don't remind me.

I don't think anyone in the world would say they like finals.

I, of course, am among those who hate them.

Huh, don't think you're gonna do well, Hiro?

She sounds pleased by my displeasure.

I answer with…

A. Actually, finals are gonna be a cinch.

B. I think I'll do alright.

C. I'm worried.

Don't remind me. Masashi just said the same thing to me.

I'm motivated to try, but I still hate exams.

Huh, don't think you're gonna do well, Hiro?

She sounds pleased by my displeasure.

Actually, finals are gonna be a cinch.

You're kidding me!

Don't be so surprised.

But it's weird to hear you be so positive about finals. It feels like a bad omen.

What's so unlucky about it?

Maybe a big earthquake's coming…

Whatever, forget you!

Shiho and I argue as usual on the way home.

I think I'll do alright.

Wow, so you studied like your life depended on it?

No, stupid. If I did that, I'd be the best student in our year.

You're the stupid one if you think that. Life isn't that easy.

Try giving that advice to yourself.

Shiho's attitude abruptly shifts.

So… Around what average score are you aiming for?

She sounds serious.

I think somewhere from 50 to 60 should be manageable.

Th-That's pretty good.

I guess.

On the way home from school that day, we discuss strategies for tackling finals.

I'm actually pretty worried.

I tell the truth, prepared for Shiho to laugh at me.

And then…

Yay! We're in the same boat.

She holds out her hand for a handshake.

What? You're not confident either?

Seeing no reason not to, I shake her hand.

On the way home from school that day, we discuss strategies for tackling finals.

Sorry, but I'm in a hurry.

I rush past the school gate.

Hey! Are you trying to run from me?!

Shiho's voice follows me, but I run at full speed to shake her off.

Oh, that's right.

Shiho suddenly speaks up like she remembered something.

What?

You don't need to go home right away, right? How about we go to YacDonald's and talk about how we can prepare for finals?

Talk about preparing for finals, huh?

I think about it for a moment.

Alright, it couldn't hurt.

I answer.

We go to YacDonald's and share opinions on how to approach finals.

I don't think any of it will actually help improve our scores, but it's probably better than nothing.

Oh, Hiro, listen to this!

Shiho starts yapping as soon as she sees me.

What is it this time?

It's gonna be some Shiho Info, right?

Correct!

Man, again?

A. I'll listen, but make it quick.

B. I'm going home.

If it sounds fishy, I don't have to believe her.

With that thought in mind, I decide to listen.

I'll listen, but make it quick.

Sure, sure. Wait, where's Masashi?

Shiho disregards what I say and searches for more people to add to her audience.

He went home already.

Oh, too bad.

Forget Masashi, just tell me what it is.

Alright, will do.

Get on with it.

So, it seems like everyone's finals have been scored already.

Yeah, I mean, we're getting our tests back tomorrow.

And there's one person in our year who got some incredible grades.

Who? Did our year's top talent get a perfect score or something?

That'd be neat, but this is about someone a bit closer to us.

Then is it Sawai from our class? Sawai's pretty smart.

Not quite! But it is someone from our class.

I'm not interested in being quizzed here, just tell me!

C'mon, I'll give you a hint. It was on the English final!

English?

You should know who'd excel at that.

Was it Lemmy?

Ding-ding-ding!

She jumps for joy.

Lemmy got an incredible score? I reacted by saying…

A. Wow! What score?

B. Huh, cool.

C. So what?

Wow! What score?

I'm genuinely surprised.

She's from the US, so maybe I shouldn't have been so shocked.

Perfect.

100 points?! On the main test or on grammar?

Both.

That's crazy!

Even native Japanese students have trouble scoring 100 on Japanese tests.

When you think about it that way, Lemmy really is incredible.

Maybe we should have Lemmy teach us English.

Maybe.

Then, the girl in question arrives.

Hey, Lemmy.

Yes?

Sounds like you scored 100 on the English finals.

Are you serious? That's a joke, right?

Lemmy cocks her head to the side.

Why do you say that?

Because there were words I didn't know how to spell. I couldn't answer all the questions.

Wha?

I look suspiciously at Shiho.

Huh, maybe I heard wrong.

Where'd you hear that anyway?!

See ya!

Shiho scrambles away.

Man, what a liar.

Hiroyuki, did I score 100 points?

Sorry, I was wrong.

I see. Too bad, I was excited.

I'm so sorry for getting your hopes up.

Don't worry about it, Hiroyuki.

Man, it's Shiho that should be apologizing.

Huh, cool.

I'm not that surprised, so that's all I have to say.

What?! You don't even sound interested!

I don't know what to tell you. Lemmy getting good grades in English is pretty normal.

Normal? We're talking about finals here. Scoring 100 is nuts!

I dunno…

Shiho takes a deep breath.

Japanese students don't even score 100 on Japanese nowadays, but a half-Japanese student just scored 100 on an English final. That's amazing!

She argues.

English tests in Japan have got to be easier than English tests in America.

I just don't buy it.

Geez! Can't you listen to me?! I'm saying it's amazing! Be amazed!

Eventually, Shiho loses her temper.

Honestly, who cares?

Then feel that way, see if I care!

After some persistent complaining, Shiho turns away in a huff and leaves the classroom.

What's her deal?

Then, the girl in question arrives.

Hey, Lemmy.

What's up?

Sounds like you scored 100 on the English finals.

Are you serious? That's a joke, right?

Lemmy cocks her head to the side.

Why do you say that?

Because there were words I didn't know how to spell. I couldn't answer all the questions.

Wha?

Apparently, the 'Shiho Info' was wrong.

Man, what a liar.

Hiroyuki, did I score 100 points?

Sorry, I was wrong.

I see. Too bad. I was excited.

I'm so sorry for getting your hopes up.

Don't worry about it, Hiroyuki.

Why's it me who has to apologize, Shiho?!

So what?

What do you mean, so what? Isn't it amazing?

Not really. Lemmy's American. There's nothing weird about her getting a perfect score on an English test.

So you're telling me you can get a perfect score on a Japanese test?!

Don't be stupid. Those are made to be hard.

What, so you're saying Japan's English tests are easy?

That is what I'm saying. Don't you know that Lemmy always gets incredible grades in English?

I-I knew that, but she got a perfect score this time.

If she actually knew that, I don't think she would've been so shocked.

I figured she would one of these days anyway.

I intentionally brush her off.

This sucks! Why do you know more than me?!

Shiho admits the truth.

She seems mad that her information doesn't surprise me.

I know lots of things. You'll have to catch up with me!

You suck so bad!

Hah!

I'll show you next time!

She hits me with her usual parting words before stomping away.

I hope you learned something!

Then, the girl in question arrived.

Hey, Lemmy.

Yes?

Sounds like you scored 100 on the English finals.

Are you serious? That's a joke, right?

Lemmy cocks her head to the side.

Why do you say that?

Because there were words I didn't know how to spell. I couldn't answer all the questions.

Wha?

Apparently, the 'Shiho Info' was wrong.

Man, what a liar.

Hiroyuki, did I score 100 points?

Sorry, I was wrong.

I see. Too bad. I was excited.

I'm so sorry for getting your hopes up.

Don't worry about it, Hiroyuki.

The 'Shiho Info' is spreading. It must have infected me.

It's like a virus.

Nah, I'm going home!

I push Shiho away.

Why?!

Your info's all fake. No point in listening.

I hurry out to the hall.

Then, I walk off without looking back.

Hey, wait!

Shiho's voice follows me, but I ignore it.

Hey.

Oh, Yuki.

Heading home?

Yeah. Let's walk home together.

Just the two of us?

Yeah.

Then, I reply…

A. Sure.

B. No.

Sure, I've got nothing to do anyway.

Okay, then let's go.

Hey, Hiro.

We encounter Shiho by the shoe racks.

What do you want?

Wanna go to the shopping arcade with me? Wait, you're heading out too, Akari?

Yep.

Then maybe we can all go.

I need to head straight home.

What, so you can't go? Sorry, Shiho, but we can't hang out today.

I'll be fine, Yuki. You can hang out with Shiho.

All of a sudden, Akari is telling me to spend time with Shiho.

Why, though? I said I'd walk home with you.

Oh, so you were gonna walk home together, huh?

Shiho, I'm fine on my own. You can go with Yuki.

It's like Akari is trying to be considerate of Shiho's feelings.

Hmmm, what do you wanna do, Hiro?

I reply…

A. I'm going to leave with Akari.

B.  I'm going to leave with Shiho.

C. Pass on both

I already agreed to go with Akari, so I'll do that.

Thanks, but you should spend time with Shiho.

Why? You asked first.

Because Shiho wants you to come with her. I can wait for next time.

C'mon…

What's your problem, Hiro? Listen to Akari.

But…

Yuki, I asked first, so let me decide.

Akari insists on handing me off to Shiho.

Man, whatever.

I give up.

Sorry, Akari.

Oh, it's fine.

In the end, Shiho and I go to the shopping arcade together.

Akari…

It's okay. Go spend time with Shiho.

She knows what I'm going to say before I say it.

Al-Alright. Sorry.

Sorry, Akari.

Oh, it's fine.

In the end, Shiho and I go to the shopping arcade together.

What a pain. I'm not going with either of you.

What?

They're both confused.

I can't pick either of you without hurting the other, right? I'll head home by myself.

I wave goodbye and walked off.

Yuki…

Hiro!

They watch me go as I leave the school in something of a good mood.

Can't, I've got things to do.

I say.

When I say that I have things to do, I usually just mean that I don't feel like it.

Akari knows that well, so she doesn't ask what my plans are.

Oh…

She awkwardly smiles.

Sorry.

It's okay. I'll go home by myself then.

Got it, take care.

I watch Akari leave.

Now maybe I should head home too.

Just when I whisper that…

Hi there, Hiro.

I hear a voice from behind.

I turn around, and it's her.

What?

Wanna go to the shopping arcade with me?

Me?

Who else?

I reply…

A. Sure.

B. I can't.

Sure.

Yay! Let's get going.

Can't, I'm busy.

I shake my head.

Why?!

See you later.

I ditch Shiho and head to the shoe racks.

We make our way to the shopping arcade by the station.

Hey, so why'd you want to bring me along?

Oh, did I not tell you?

Not that I remember.

I want you to give me your opinion on some clothes.

Wha?

I'm gonna pick out some outfits, and you can rate them.

Why do you want me to do that?

I don't really know what sort of clothes boys like. And you're a boy, so I figured you could tell me.

Me?

Yep. I'm taking a gamble on your taste level.

Why gamble on that?

I guess I can do that, but don't expect too much.

Just try to put some thought into it, okay? I pick out the clothes, and you tell me if they're good or not.

I've got no fashion sense, so if yours is bad too, it's gonna be a disaster.

So what? You're the one who picked me. It'll be all your fault if this doesn't work out.

That's why it's a gamble.

What kind of logic is that? If you don't like my input, go find another guy!

There are plenty of guys with more fashion sense than me anyway!

As much as I'd love to do that, you're the guy I have the easiest time talking to.

Oh, is that it? Then you can't complain.

Yeah, so I'm counting on you.

Well, where are we going shopping?

This way… Wait, what?

Shiho points, but then her expression changes.

What?

Ahaha, looks like they're closed today.

Shiho is pointing at a closed boutique.

Seriously?

Sorry<rep rep_heart>

Yo, Fujita.

Shiho stops me at the shoe rack.

What? Why are you talking like that?

I was looking for you.

How about you leave me alone?

C'mon, I won't take too much of your time.

A. What do you want?

B. No way.

What do you want?

It might be something interesting, so I decide to ask.

Do you have 10,000 yen?

Shiho takes me completely off guard.

Wha?

After hoping for something interesting, that's the only response I can offer.

I'm asking if you have 10,000 yen.

Are you trying to take money from a classmate?

Of course not, I just wanna know if you have it.

What the hell?

I'm not telling you to give it to me. Do you have it or not?

Shiho presses me.

I can never quite understand what she's thinking.

My answer is…

A. Yeah, I do.

B. No, I don't.

I do, but what do you want to use it for?

Mhm, you're surprisingly rich. Is it a 10,000 yen bill?

Yeah.

Shiho holds out her left hand.

Lemme see.

That's about what I expected.

What's a high schooler gonna spend 10,000 yen on? Some designer goods or something?

Again, I'm not asking to borrow it. I just wanna see it.

What's the point of this?

I grumble as I take the 10,000 yen bill out of my wallet.

When I hand it to her, she holds it right up to her face.

Hmmm…

What are you looking at?

This is fake, isn't it?

She tosses the bill back at me like it's garbage.

What are you talking about?

I catch it.

Shiho smirks.

Look, banknotes have special features that make them difficult to copy.

She starts to explain.

Like if you wanted to print them?

Yep.

What the hell? If you mean the watermark, it's there.

I hold it up to the sunlight just to be sure.

How silly. It's not like cashiers are checking every bill for watermarks. It just has to look real.

Well, what else is there?

Like there's text so small that regular copy machines just print it as dots.

Where do you see that on this?

Shiho takes out her own 10,000 yen bill.

Look, you see how it says 10,000 on the front? Right under that.

She points.

I take it and look closely.

I see, where it says 'Bank of Japan' in tiny print.

And you're saying that's not on my bill?

Check it yourself!

I take a closer look.

It's not there…

There's just a black line.

From what I can tell, it's an elaborate fake.

Shiho sounds delighted.

Seriously?

What are you gonna do? If you use that, you'll be a criminal.

Moron, I'm not using this. I'm going to take it to the police.

Shiho suddenly bursts out laughing.

Pffft, are you seriously gonna do that?

Obviously. Counterfeit money is a serious crime.

Pfft, aaahahaha! That's real too, y'know. They just started using small print on recent bills. You were actually gonna take it to the police? Ahaha, that's funny!

What?!

…

I can't believe that worked!

Shiho turns around.

Isn't that funny, everyone?!

She's quick to tell others.

You tricked me!

She set me up!

Anyone who isn't an expert on counterfeit bills would have taken her seriously.

I don't have one. I'm not exactly rich. I just barely afford food.

Shiho looks disappointed.

What? Lame.

Shut up. What did you want a 10,000 yen bill for anyway?

Nothing much. I was gonna show you how they're actually pretty high tech.

What even made you want to talk about that?

I don't just go after info about daily events. I've got broader knowledge too. You know, like useful life hacks and stuff.

That'd be great if it was true.

What? Are you saying you don't care about my life hacks?!

You can't even call them life hacks. I'm tired, we can talk later.

Well, whatever. You've thwarted my plan by being broke.

What plan?

Don't worry about it!

Shiho waves goodbye.

Hey, wait.

However, she waits for nobody.

Shiho hurries off to elsewhere in the school.

She's trying to trick me somehow.

I've gotta stay alert.

No way.

What? You're no fun!

I'm not here to entertain you.

Do you know how much time I spent looking for you?!

Talk to me when I've got more time.

I walk away.

You've got plenty of time right now!

Shiho knows I won't change my mind, so she doesn't bother to follow me.

Oh…

As I'm leaving the shopping arcade, I see a familiar face leave the bookstore.

It's Shiho.

She seems to be alone.

A. Talk to her.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Hey, if it isn't Shiho.

Oh, Hiro.

Found the manga you were looking for?

Hey, you're gonna make people think I only read manga.

Am I wrong?

I swear… Looks like I'll have to explain just how much of an intellectual I am.

You really don't have to do that.

Like, do you know what book I'm reading here?

Probably manga. It's Wednesday, so I'm guessing it's a special issue.

Wrong! Are you even paying attention?

Huh?

What member of the intelligentsia reads manga?

Are you saying nobody smart reads manga? That's pretty biased.

Hmmm, I guess there's some manga that smart people read.

Ugh… So what does an intellectual like yourself read?

According to Shiho, new discoveries are being reported day and night in scientific journals that deal with cutting-edge technology.

To prepare for the new century, we need to befriend science!

…and with a dramatic pose, she delivered her speech.

You had that spiel prepared already, didn't you?

Yep.

So what's been discovered?

Not much that'll ever be useful to the two of us.

Hey, all that buildup and you've got nothing?

Well, digging through the pile of useless garbage to learn something worthwhile is my mission.

Sounds like quite the mission.

And what I've found is meteor showers.

Meteor showers? The hell?

It's when meteors fall to the Earth like rain. Interesting, huh?

Sounds like that'd be pretty wild.

The meteors would leave my house full of holes.

That's what a layman might think.

Well, I am a layman.

A falling meteor is a big deal.

If it's just like, 'Look, a meteor… Zooooom, baaang!' then that kind of ruins the mood.

Okay, just stop shouting.

Her screaming in the middle of the street is giving me second-hand embarrassment.

The meteors burn up on the way down, so couples can have a romantic time looking up and watching.

Alright, cool. So you can see a bunch of these romantic meteors then.

So you finally get it.

You could've just said that to begin with.

There's supposed to be a meteor shower next month.

Huh.

You wanna check it out, right?

A. Sure.

B. Not interested.

C. I don't care.

Sure, sounds neat.

Right? Wanna watch it with me?

Okay. Maybe I'll try inviting Akari and Masashi along too.

Oh, yeah, Akari and Masashi.

What, did you forget about them?

N-No.

Oh yeah, what if we all had dinner while we watched?

Good idea.

After talking for a while, we part ways.

Not interested.

Oh yeah? You'll never capture a lady's heart like that.

Don't really need to at the moment.

What a stoic.

Again, at the moment.

That's silly! Just invite Akari to it. She'll be delighted!

Stupid, what am I gonna do with Akari's heart?

I dunno, but why not take this chance to capture it?

This is nonsense.

After talking for a while, we part ways.

I don't care.

Is that a yes or a no?

It could be either.

Geez, that doesn't help!

Maybe I want to see it, maybe I don't. I just don't care either way.

Then let's go check it out.

I guess we could.

Actually, forget it. It's cold at night.

Yeah, and I'm sleepy at night too.

But we might never get another chance to see a meteor shower.

It could give us something to talk about.

Then yeah, let's actually go watch it.

Stop flip-flopping.

Ahahaha, I was just acting like you.

Man…

After talking for a while, we part ways.

Hey, Shiho.

Oh, Hiro.

Watch out for cars on your way home!

I'm not a little kid!

I was walking back when I ran into Shiho at bookstore.

Hey, if it isn't the Poindexter.

Oh, Hiro.

No manga today either?

Nope.

Whether you read it or not, no one's gonna start thinking you're smart.

You called me an intellectual, so that's good enough for me.

Man, you've always got a comeback, huh?

I'll take that as a compliment.

I was walking back when I ran into Shiho at bookstore.

Hey, if it isn't Shiho.

Oh, Hiro.

Found the manga you were looking for?

Hey, you're gonna make people think I only read manga.

Am I wrong?

I swear… Looks like I'll have to explain just how much of an intellectual I am.

You really don't have to do that.

Like, do you know what book I'm reading here?

Probably manga. It's Thursday, so I'm guessing it's a special issue.

Wrong! Are you even paying attention?

Huh?

What member of the intelligentsia reads manga?

Are you saying nobody smart reads manga? That's pretty biased.

Hmmm, I guess there's some manga that smart people read.

At this rate, I should…

A. Keep talking.

B. Ditch her.

So what were you actually reading?

Want to know?

Yeah, tell me.

It's a magazine about cars.

Huh, what kind of girl is into cars?

You're really sexist, y'know that?

You can't call me sexist over that. Most guys would think the same thing.

Oh really now? Well, then I guess I'm interested in cars despite being a woman.

Really, though?

Yeah, really.

Hmph, so why are you reading about cars? You've started wanting one?

Well, yeah.

What kind of car?

Obviously a red―

I imagine what she'll say next.

A. DMW.

B. Furrari.

C. Corulla.

A DMW?

What? DMW? They're cool, but they use the RR layout.

What's RR?

Oh, do you not know? It stands for, rear-engine, rear-wheel-drive.

Why would I know that? I'm not that into cars.

No? A guy who's not that into cars?

Whatever.

Then how about I teach you the secrets of RR?

She makes it sound like she has deep knowledge. It makes me just slightly curious.

Is there a secret about DMWs?

It's the butt.

What? Whose butt?

You doofus.

You mean the rear?

Shake the butt.

Shake the butt? You're not trying to trick me somehow, are you?

Shiho has a talent for making things up only to make a laughingstock of me later.

She holds up her hand to deny it.

Listen, if you accelerate around a curve, the rear tires slip like this…

She tells me how, because DMWs have heavy rears, they're unstable when turning.

Yeah, I don't think that's a secret or whatever. It's just a flaw in the DMW's design.

That's why they kept it a secret, but it seems like they're a lot easier to drive now than they used to be.

But they're better now, right? What's the point of hiding the past?

You have a point…

You don't have an answer for that? You're the expert here.

But on the Carrura 4…

Okay, so you know about cars, I get it. I'm not interested in technical conversations about cars.

I turn away from Shiho.

Hey, I'm still talking!

A Furrari, right?

Yep! I'm surprised you knew. Are you a fan too?

Not really.

Oh…

Shiho slumps her shoulders in disappointment.

Don't let that actually get you down.

They're so cool, though. Italian-red, what's not to like?

Dunno. I do think they're cool, at least.

Right?

But I'd never be able to afford one.

C'mon, you have to dream big.

Dream? Ridiculous.

What, are you making fun of my dream?

Sure, whatever, you have to dream big.

I say it in as belittling a tone as possible.

Grrrrr! Don't insult me!

Shiho keeps complaining the whole way home.

A Corulla, right?

Oh yeah, for taking the family out on Sundays… Wait, why assume I just want a car for safety!

Corullas are for safety?

Yup.

I feel like someone concerned with safety would have a more expensive car.

That's an insult to the Corulla's manufacturer.

Oh, sorry.

Who are you apologizing to?

The Corulla's manufacturer. But that's just what I think!

What do I care?

Shiho explains that it's a car for people who give up all of their ambitions.

Hey, where are you going?!

See you later.

I promptly end the conversation.

Oh, hey, I'm still talking<rep rep_sweat>

Aloha, Hiro.

When Shiho sees me, she gives me a strange greeting.

Are you Hawaiian now? Do you know what that word means?

Not really, but a greeting's a greeting.

I honestly don't care, but…

Aloha means both hello and goodbye.

I…

A. Keep talking.

B. Ditch her.

Speaking of Hawaii, we have our school trip in eight days.

Hey if someone that didn't know any better heard that, they'd think we're going to Hawaii.

It's kinda like going to Hawaii.

We're going to Hokkaido, moron. There's a big difference between north and south.

If you go all the way around the Earth, north or south doesn't make much of a difference.

You're just arguing for the sake of argument again.

Anyway, looking forward to Hokkaido?

Personally…

A. Yeah.

B. Not really.

Yeah, it's my first time going.

Same here.

I want to try some of the local Sapporo ramen.

There's no way you're gonna find a good restaurant in a city you've never been to before.

You say that, but you don't know if you don't try.

Oh, please. Food being the first thing that comes to your mind when it comes to Hokkaido is shallow anyway. Where Hokkaido really shines is the nature.

I can't believe that's coming from you. You really just want to eat, right? Like crab ramen and stuff?

That's a lower priority. Checking out places like Lake Mashu and Kushiro Marsh is the way to enjoy Hokkaido.

Says who? I'm pretty sure the places you mentioned aren't on our schedule.

Those are just examples! The nature we're seeing is at Lake Toya and Mount Showa-Shinzan. That's plenty.

I get that nature is beautiful, but I don't feel so much of a physical connection to that.

And you do with crab ramen? What a child. All you're interested in is food, like some middle-aged lady.

Shut up, lay off me.

Well, see if you can find a good restaurant.

And you can enjoy looking at your boring nature.

Shiho and I are in total disagreement.

Not really.

I'm not a child.

I can't be getting excited over school trips forever.

And I especially don't want Shiho to see me like that.

Well, that's no fun. You act like you're from Hokkaido!

I'm not gonna claim I am, but getting overjoyed over every little thing is kinda childish.

Sounds like you're calling me childish.

That wasn't what I meant, but yeah.

Then show me just how adult you are!

I'm not sure how to do that. What standard do you judge adultness by anyway?

You're the one who brought this up. You figure it out.

Then maybe not being constantly excited for something a week before it happens is adult.

That's ridiculous logic, if I'm being honest.

It's not like I'm bouncing off the walls!

But you are looking forward to it, right? You're plenty excited.

I-I'm not really looking forward to it! I was just asking if you are.

Shiho refuses to give me an inch.

Is that right? What happened to wanting to see all the nature?

That was just an example of something to look forward to. I never said that I myself was looking forward to it.

Annoyed that I would treat her like a child, she denies even the silliest things.

Uh-huh. It seemed to me like you were saying you were looking forward to it and asking if I was.

Looking forward to seeing what she comes up with next, I push her further.

Was not! It's just that nobody else will shut up about it, so I wanted to know if you were the same way!

Everyone else, huh?

Yeah!

Like who?

Uh… It doesn't matter!

That makes her go quiet for a second.

Hah, it's so easy to get to her.

You're right, it doesn't matter.

What are you grinning about?!

Nothing much. I was just thinking about how mature you are.

Yep, so now you get it. Good.

Oh yeah, I get it.

Well, I've got stuff to do, so I'll be going.

Sure, sure, goodbye now.

Shiho scurries off.

She must've sensed danger and ran away.

Man, elementary schoolers these days are more mature than her.

Sorry, I'm busy.

I walk off before she can say anything.

Hey! Listen to me!

No.

Heeey! Hiro!

Sorry, but I don't have time for this.

I stop by the bookstore on the way home.

When I step inside, I see my school's uniforms.

I look around to see if there's anyone I know, and there is.

It's Shiho.

She's intently reading something in the paperback section.

I…

A. Talk to her.

B. Leave her alone.

I approach her to talk, but then I stop.

She seems so focused on the book that her guard is down.

I decide to scare her a little.

Shiho!

I blow air on her from behind.

Eek!

Whoa!

Shiho yelps, startling me too.

What the heck? I haven't fallen low enough to let you infect me, you― Oh, it's you, Hiro.

Who did you think I was?

I thought for sure that staphylococcus was here to try to take me down.

What the hell is that?

Staphylococcus aureus, specifically. It's a type of germ.

And you thought that germ was coming after you? You're nuts…

What could've possibly made her think germs were coming at her from behind?

Shut up. You're a boy, you wouldn't understand this terror.

What, is it something that the book says?

I peer down at Shiho's book.

It's called 'The Terror of Microorganisms'.

She likes these sorts of things.

Anything about microorganisms, science, technology…

Treasure troves of new discoveries and information.

You should read it too? You'll be so scared that you won't even be able to go to the bathroom anymore.

She seems gleeful.

This girl is mixing up the fear of germs with the fear of ghosts.

Stupid, how's that gonna scare me away from bathrooms?

It will! They're in there! On the seat, on the faucet… Oh, it gives me chills.

…Nuttier than a candy bar.

You just don't get it. Look, Staphylococcus aureus, S. aureus for short, is all over everything. It's even on you.

When you say that, I can't help but look at myself.

It's not like you can see it.

No, you can't. That's what makes it scary.

Nothing scary about something you can't even see.

You haven't been to a hospital lately, have you?

She suddenly asks me.

A hospital? Nah, but it sounds like you belong in one.

Alright, that makes me feel a little better. They've got germs there.

Enough talking nonsense. Start making sense.

You're such a pain. Alright, listen closely. First of all, do you know what antibiotics are?

Antibiotics? Like the medicine you take when you're sick? That stuff's crazy effective.

That's mostly true, but if you use antibiotics too much, sometimes it creates germs that are resistant to them. Like they evolve and mutate and stuff.

Huh, and those germs that are resistant to medicine are scary?

That's part of it.

So, when those strong germs go outside and encounter whatever S. aureus happens to be around, they gift it with that resistance to antibiotics.

Germs can exchange those abilities like they're trading items.

Huh, so that creates S. aureus that medicine doesn't work on?

Yep.

Got it, but regular S. aureus is always around anyway, right? Does that make you sick?

I can see why germs immune to medicine are scary, but not ordinary germs.

Yeah, it does!

No it doesn't.

Well, what if S. aureus had the power to make people die from shock?

Death from shock?

Talk about an unsettling imagination.

It only goes after girls.

*sigh*

Shiho keeps blabbing on and on as if what she's saying is terrifying.

I don't really get why it only goes after girls, but I suppose I'll tell her what I think.

A. That's scary.

B. That's not scary.

C. Good thing I'm a guy.

That's scary.

Right? The S. aureus in hospitals encounters all kinds of bacteria, so it can have all kinds of abilities.

Sounds like that could end up creating some invincible S. aureus.

It already exists.

What?

They call it Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, or MRSA.

You're sounding like Mr. Kibayashi.

We could also call it Ultra S. aureus DX for short.

Hey, don't make up your own name for it.

In the end, it sounds like this bacteria isn't dangerous on its own, and it's the possibility that these abilities might be passed to dangerous bacteria that's the problem.

The type of Staphylococcus Shiho's afraid of isn't completely resistant to drugs. In fact, there are apparently a number of antibacterial drugs that are effective against it.

That's not scary. If that was gonna kill you, then it'd kill pretty much all women.

And if that were true, the whole world would be freaking out.

Ugh…

Where are the hospitals where this is a thing, anyway?

Uh, America.

So it's never gonna happen to you here.

Urrrgh…

And even if you did happen to get sick with this, I'd be happy to come visit you in the hospital.

Urrrrrrrrrrgh…<rep rep_sweat>

In the end, it sounds like this bacteria isn't dangerous on its own, and it's the possibility that these abilities might be passed to dangerous bacteria that's the problem.

The type of Staphylococcus Shiho's afraid of isn't completely resistant to drugs. In fact, there are apparently a number of antibacterial drugs that are effective against it.

Good thing I'm a guy.

Hey! What'd you say?!

You know what I said.

Half the world is women! Including me! And Akari too!

I mean, yeah, but…

What are you gonna do about this?

Is this an epidemic or something?

Apparently, it spread around like wildfire long time ago.

A long time ago?! If that's the kind of thing you're afraid of then your list of fears will just keep growing.

You're right, we don't really have to worry about it.

She starts nodding with a sincere look.

Moron! Don't freak out over this crap!

In the end, it sounds like this bacteria isn't dangerous on its own, and it's the possibility that these abilities might be passed to dangerous bacteria that's the problem.

The type of Staphylococcus Shiho's afraid of isn't completely resistant to drugs. In fact, there are apparently a number of antibacterial drugs that are effective against it.

I was a fool for worrying at all.

Well, whatever.

Conversations with Shiho are always chaotic.

I'll just leave her be.

After flipping through a magazine, I'm ready to leave, but she's still reading.

Smirking at her enthusiasm, I turn and walk out of the bookstore.

I spot Shiho by the shoe racks. She hasn't noticed me yet.

A. Talk to her.

B. Don't talk to her.

Hey!

I approach her.

Oh, Hiro!

She answers with an impish grin.

On your way home?

As you can see, yeah.

Then I'm not gonna head home.

Oh, c'mon.

What? Want to walk home with me?

I'm commanding you to walk home with me, actually.

Man, this is ridiculous…

But I have no reason to say no, so I decide to walk with her.

So, it's been about three weeks since the school year started. How's your new class?

Not bad. Masashi's there. Not much different from last year.

You're with Akari too now, right?

Yeah… I saw her pretty much every day anyway, so being in the same class doesn't mean much.

Aren't you glad to all be in the same class?

Masashi, Akari, and I?

Yeah.

Well…

A. I'm not glad.

B. Maybe I'm a little glad.

I wouldn't really say I'm glad about it.

Why not? I know you've been in the same class as Masashi for a year already, but do you not like being in the same class as Akari?

It doesn't have anything to do with her.

Then what's the problem?

Do you think I'm a little kid? I'm not gonna get excited every time my class changes.

That's not what I mean. Are you satisfied with your classmates?

What is it you actually want to ask?

I'm asking what I want to ask. Are you satisfied?

What the hell is Shiho trying to get out of me?

It's suspicious that she won't come out and say it.

Do you want to know if there's someone in the class that I hate?

I try asking what it is she wants to know.

But…

Geez! You don't need to know why I'm asking, get over it!

Shiho starts whining.

But the way you're asking makes me wonder.

Oh, forget it!

What the hell?

Shiho waves goodbye and…

I'm done, you can go home by yourself.

She says.

Uh, what? You're the one who asked me to walk with you.

Go away! Shoo, shoo!

She tries to drive me off like a stray dog.

Fine! Don't ask me to walk with you anymore, idiot!

I leave Shiho and head straight home.

It's nice, you know? Comforting. It's hard to get too sad about anything when we're all together.

Huh, so you are glad.

Shiho smirks.

So what if I am?

I just think it's nice that you're happy, is all.

Something about the way you're talking is weirding me out.

Just one last thing… Are you interested in guys?

What?

I don't understand the point of the first question, and this one makes even less sense.

Are you into guys or not?

Do you think I am?

How should I know? That's why I'm asking.

No, of course not!

Hmm, I knew it.

What?

Nothing. I see now.

You're being really weird.

That's all, you can go home now.

Huh?

That's all I wanted. You can go home by yourself.

Uh, what? You're the one who asked me to walk with you.

Go away! Shoo, shoo!

She tries to drive me off like a stray dog.

Fine! Don't ask me to walk with you anymore, idiot!

I leave Shiho and head straight home.

Well, maybe I shouldn't.

Talking to her is just inviting chaos.

Hey there, Hiro!

I'm wandering around near the station when I run into Shiho.

Hey.

A. Keep talking.

B. Ditch her.

So today's the end, huh?

The end of what?

The end of our normal days. After this, we have Golden Week, and then the school trip. It's almost like having another spring break.

Right, we don't have to go to school for a week.

So I looked into places to hang out during Golden Week.

Yeah? Sounds like something you'd do.

You've got nothing else going on, right, Hiro? Let's check them out in advance together.

Shiho tugs on my arm.

Sure, whatever. You're right that I've got the time anyway.

What does Shiho do during Golden Week?

I'm a little curious.

Should I ask and find out?

A. Who are you going to hang out with?

B. What places are you looking at?

C. You really like screwing around.

Who are you going to hang out with anyway?

I can't imagine she's planning to spend Golden Week alone.

That means there has to be someone else.

A guy? A girl?

If it's a guy, then who?

I have so many questions.

Who indeed?

Shiho realizes why I'm asking that question and gives me a knowing look.

I dunno, that's why I'm asking.

All I can tell you is it's not a girl.

Tell me!

Now who could it be?

Don't be such a tease!

Should I tell you?

Yeah!

Who could I be hanging out with?

Hey, now you're just starting over!

Ahaha, sorry.

Get serious!

Then I'll just say it.

Spit it out already.

So, actually…

What?

I don't have anyone to hang out with. Do you wanna hang out with me, Hiro?

Seriously? Me, hang out with you?

Fine. I can have fun on my own too.

That's kinda sad.

What about you, Hiro? Do you have Golden Week plans?

I haven't decided what I'm doing yet.

Then how about hanging out with me?

I'll think about it.

Great! It'll be fun hanging out together. Now let's decide where we're going.

Hey, I didn't say I'd hang out with you!

We end up going to the bookstore to search for interesting spots to hang out.

But I still want more time before deciding if I really want to hang out with Shiho during Golden Week or not.

What places are you looking at?

There are plenty of fun places we can reach by train.

Places to eat, shop, play, spend the night, it's all there.

Well, spending a couple of days at an amusement park could be fun. There's also shopping, and at night I'd want to check out some popular restaurants.

In other words you want to do everything?

Eheheh, maybe it's a little much.

A little? That'd be rough on any guy if you were on a date.

Meh, whatever. Let's hurry and check out some places to go!

Hey, don't be so pushy!

We end up going to the bookstore to search for interesting spots to hang out.

But I still want more time before deciding if I really want to hang out with Shiho during Golden Week or not.

You really like screwing around, huh?

What?!

I mean, it looks to me like you do all kinds of screwing around.

Well, at least that doesn't seem to include any crimes.

Doesn't everyone?!

Nah, you're especially prone to it. You're like a Gal but not. A rare specimen.

Don't treat me like an animal!

Like, can't you try being more normal?

What's that supposed to mean?!

I just don't think you need to push yourself to get the jump on everyone all the time.

Shut up! I'm not trying to do anything like that.

Well, not like I'm in any position to talk about that.

Geez, let's just look up some places!

Hey, don't be so pushy!

We end up going to the bookstore to search for interesting spots to hang out.

But I still want more time before deciding if I really want to hang out with Shiho during Golden Week or not.

Sorry, I'm in a hurry.

I keep walking past her.

Awww, Hiro!

I hear her saccharine sweet calls from behind, but I ignore them.

Hey there, Hiro!

When I walk out into the hallway, Akari and Shiho are there.

Hey.

Hey, so we're gonna go to YacDonald's. Wanna come with?

YacDonald's? What's the limited time menu item they have right now?

The garlic steak burger. Are you coming with?

A. Go.

B. Don't go.

Sounds good, maybe I'll go with you guys.

Then let's go!

Later, on the second floor of YacDonald's…

Akari and Shiho have been talking for a while.

They're discussing the types of women that men idealize.

Right? Men are so entitled.

Hehehe, but I think different men have different preferences.

Yeah? You think that's just a preference?

Shiho looks at me and…

Then let me ask you, Hiro. Would you rather be with a girl who's good at housework, thoughtful, and caring, or one who can't do housework, but who you can have real, genuine conversations with?

She asks me a question.

What?

And you can't have both.

She almost sounds serious.

I look at Akari and she seems to be anticipating my answer too.

This seems like a roundabout way of asking which of them I preferred.

I gasp.

They're staring at me.

Alright, then I'll have to be honest here.

A. The girl that's good at housework.

B. The girl I can have unfiltered conversations with.

Maybe the girl who's thoughtful and good at housework.

Meaning Akari is my type, I guess?

Mhm, uh huh, I gotcha.

Shiho smirks.

What's with the weird reaction?

It's nothing, really! I just had a feeling that was your type.

Seems to me like you're trying to insinuate something.

Come now, you two.

We're about to get into another one of our usual arguments when Akari stops us, just like she always does.

Just look at how happy Akari is.

What? Oh, I'm not…

Akari says, visibly stressed.

We probably all know what Shiho's question and my answer mean.

Hey, Shiho, stop being evasive.

However, I don't mention that.

How about you stop trying to read into things I say?

I'm not really trying, but you're saying more than you're saying.

You're imagining things. I share all my secrets as a matter of principle.

Then your secrets aren't secret?

Oh, that's funny.

It's not that funny.

Then we chat about nothing important, as usual.

I'm not sure myself, but maybe I want Akari as a girlfriend.

I guess the one I can have unfiltered, genuine conversations with.

Meaning girls like Shiho are my type?

What? You like girls like that?

Shiho looks at me like she doesn't understand why I would say such a thing.

What's the issue?

I picked you. Why are you making that face?

Could she be worried about Akari?

Shiho?! Worried about another person?!

I'm just saying you've got no taste. Right, Akari?

You think so? I think I'd like someone that I can relax around too.

Visibly troubled, Akari suddenly turns to Shiho.

Oh, I see, that makes sense.

Shiho begins to understand.

What now?

Hiro, it's okay to want a girl you can talk to, but girls like me are no good.

Then, I cheerfully reply..

I know.

I make that clear.

Oh, okay. It's kind of disappointing when you come out and say it that clearly.

But I don't think I'd mind someone like you.

Shiho seems surprised.

Huh, are you trying to make me feel better?

Man, I'm trying to say I'd be fine with you. Can you just accept it?

Think whatever you want.

You're good friends. I think you'd be a good couple.

Akari interjects. Clearly, she was reading between the lines too.

What are you talking about? We don't compliment each other at all.

Y-You don't think so?

Besides, I'm not even interested in romance anyway.

Oh really? Weren't you talking about hoping to meet a guy the other day?

Shut up. Maybe I did, but I was just trying to be part of the conversation.

Sure, sure…

God, you suck!

Then we chat about nothing important, as usual.

I'm not sure myself, but maybe I want to date a girl like Shiho.

Sounds pretty tasty, but I'll pass for today.

What?! You're not going to come?

Not today. Maybe some other time.

Gosh, what a letdown.

Yeah…

See you later.

I wave goodbye.

Be careful, it's dark out!

Bye-bye, Yuki!

With that, we part ways.

It was break time.

*yaaawn*

I was sleepy.

Back from the bathroom, I walk over to my desk.

Hello!

Whoa!

Someone suddenly shoves me from behind and makes me stagger a couple of steps forward.

Hi, Hiro!

I turn and see Shiho grinning.

She must have been the one who pushed me.

What the hell was that for?!

When I think about it, it could've been for a lot of things.

Lemmy told me that bumping into you always leads to dramatic encounters.

Wha?

I don't know what she's talking about at first, but after thinking about it, I remember Lemmy saying something like that.

Pffft, seems more comedic than dramatic to me though. Ahahaha!

Shiho bursts into laughter.

Why, you…!

I let her get to me and almost tear into her, but…

Nagaoka, could you quiet down a bit?

Class Rep speaks up from the seat next to mine as she's preparing for class.

Aw, why?! We're still on break. Everyone's being noisy.

Shiho whines.

You're especially noisy.

Class Rep replies, appearing extra calm and cool in contrast to Shiho.

Well, my apologies for being noisy! Can't I at least relax between classes?!

Just don't come to our class to do it.

Hey, why not?!

Class Rep is as harsh as ever, while Shiho is acting like a little brat.

If I don't do something, this argument might go on forever.

I…

A. Back up Shiho.

B. Back up Class Rep.

Class Rep, I think you're being a bit too harsh. For these sorts of loudmouths, you at least have to let them go off during breaks.

Shiho can be infuriating, but telling her not to talk is too cruel.

Yeah, for loudmouths like me… Wait…

*clack*

Class Rep suddenly stands up and walks away without saying a word.

W-Wait, Class Rep. Where are you going?

Away from you two.

With that, she leaves the classroom.

…

Does she always have to be so mean?

This is your fault! You made her mad.

It's your fault!

No, your fault!

Your fault!

No, your fault!

No, it's your fault!

We end up making a lot of noise.

Maybe Class Rep is right.

Stop, Shiho. You're in the wrong here.

I support Class Rep.

Hey, how could you say that?!

Shiho complains.

I clear my throat.

Look, school is a place for teamwork. We all have to cooperate, and…

That sounds like what the principal said the other day.

So you know, then.

Yeah, sure, whatever you say. I was wrong.

Good, I'm glad you get it.

I'll get you next time!

And with that villainous statement, Shiho leaves.

Now it'll be a bit quieter.

I turn to Class Rep.

…

She's silent.

She was making it noisier in here, right?

…

Oops, I should've told her not to come back.

You be quiet too.

…Sorry.

I end up getting scolded too.

I leave the classroom to go buy a drink when I come across Masashi and Shiho chatting in the hallway.

Yo. What are you guys talking about?

Oh, Hiroyuki. Shiho was just telling me about those robots that everyone's been talking about lately.

What robots?

You haven't heard? Robomaids.

Oh, I've heard of Robomaids.

Maid robots are general-purpose androids that suddenly exploded in popularity and have become commonplace these past few years.

They're handy helper robots that look like humans and are used in places like households, offices, and the like. It's almost odd to not to find one around.

Out in town, they're probably as common as seeing imported cars driving around the place. 

If you head over to distributors operated by the robot-makers, then you will see the latest models displayed in the shopfront windows, and you might even be served by one.

Just the other day I happened to go to a local robot-maker showroom and drank some coffee made by a Robomaid.

Robomaids these days are really well made. You can't even tell the difference between one and a human at first glance.

It's not uncommon to thank a human lady only to realize that it's a Robomaid.

Advancements in technology sure are impressive.

The term "Robomaid" was originally coined to refer to female household models, 

but it's now become a generalized term commonly used to refer to all general-purpose androids.

There are now a whole variety of Robomaid models on the market, but they haven't been around for long. In fact, only several years have passed since the first model was developed.

They were initially developed by a Japanese medical equipment maker, with strong government support, as robots designed to assist in-home caregivers caring for bedridden elderly individuals.

The unrefined, mechanical design they had then was a far cry from what they're like today. They were merely lumps of machinery.

Following requests from patients receiving their care, they gradually became more human-like and had more functions added to them such as cooking and cleaning-developing into the Robomaids of today.

It was only several years ago that the average person could only dream of affording a high-end machine like a Robomaid, but as competition from other makers grew and mass-production became feasible, 

the price has now dropped to the equivalent of buying two cars-well within reach of the average white-collar worker if they saved up for a bit.

Today, both domestic and international manufacturers offer a wide array of models, and the industry has grown to rival cars and computers in economic impact.

"We're getting a Robomaid."

That was something you'd only hear in your dreams a mere three or four years ago, but with the dizzying speed that computer technology advances, it has now become a reality in the blink of an eye.

Why are you talking about Robomaids?

Shiho seems shocked at my question.

Don't tell me you don't know?

She chuckles mockingly.

What's it to you? Did someone buy a Robomaid or something?

No. Honestly, you're always so slow to pick up on the latest news. Fine. I guess I, the adorable Shiho, will use my precious time to tell you too<rep rep_heart>

"Adorable Shiho"? Please.

There's a Robomaid amongst the freshmen right now. They're here on a test run as a student. It's Kurusugawa's latest prototype.

Huh. That's news to me.

How did you not know? EVERYONE knows. Are your ears filled with wax or something?

You just pick up on news faster than others. I bet you didn't know either, right, Masashi?

No, I heard the rumors.

See?

…Filthy traitor.

Seriously. There's being late to the party and then there's not even showing up at all.

Yeah, yeah. Whatever.

I pretend not to hear her.

So why'd they choose our school to conduct the testing of their Robomaid?

I ask Masashi.

So the thing is…

You're as thick as a post. The prototype is the latest creation by Kurusugawa Electronics, the pioneer of the Robomaid. The Kurusugawa Group helps to fund our school, so of course they're using it for their test.

Nobody asked you.

Oh? I was just talking to myself<rep rep_heart>

…Tch.

Talk about an annoying start to the day.

…We've got psychic powers, martial arts, and now a robot? The freshmen this year are full of surprises, eh.

They sure are.

I wouldn't be surprised if an alien dropped by in their UFO over and enrolled too.

Oh, yeah! While we're talking about new students, I heard there's a new girl at Terajo Academy. The idol Rina Ogata…

I end up getting stuck listening to Shiho ramble about a whole bunch of shady-sounding rumors.

It's the second period break.

I don't get to buy a drink because I'm stuck listening to Shiho's stupid rumors.

Geez, she could talk the ear off a corn stalk if you let her.

Ugh, there's no stopping her.

*clunk*

I buy my usual cafe au lait from the vending machine.

While I'm climbing up the stairs with the straw to my coffee on my lips on the way back to class…

Oop… Ack… Gah.

I notice a female student climbing up the stairs with a dangerously wobbly gait.

She's carrying two heavy-looking boxes stacked atop each other.

It seems like she can't see her feet well and is slowly climbing each step on her tiptoes, making sure not to trip.

She doesn't look stable at all.

Right as I think that…

*clonk*

Ah!

As if she was waiting for the right time, she trips and falls.

Ah, ahhh, ahhhhhhhhh…

Her body sways violently as she attempts to regain balance. She eventually can't stay upright any longer and falls backwards.

Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

The girl flaps her arms desperately as she falls.

I rush over and manage to catch her.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Hup!

*pomphf*

*doomphf, doomphf, doomphf, doomphf*

The two boxes tumble down the stairs making hefty sounds along the way.

I somehow manage to catch the girl and prevent any injuries.

Whew…

Just in the nick of time.

I had an inkling she would fall, so I'm glad I kept an eye on her.

If I hadn't,

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

I wouldn't have been able

I'm faaaaaaaaaaaaaalling!

to catch her in time so perfectly.

Oh nooooooooooooooooooo!

Hang on now.

How long are you gonna fall for?

…Oh. Wait… Huh?!

The female student, who's covering her face with her hands while I cradle her in my arms, blinks her big eyes in confusion.

She looks up with a blank expression.

As I peer down at her she stares back at me for a few seconds.

Ohmygoshohmygosh!

She leaps out of my arms in a panic.

I'm s-s-s-s-s-s-so sorry!

Her first words are a messy stammering apology.

I-I-I-I'm s-s-so clumsy. I'm always, ALWAYS messing up and causing trouble to others…

Whoa, hey, calm down a little.

I say.

Oh, um, okay!

She nods and gulps.

…

Well? Have you calmed down?

Y-Yes.

She nods.

Anyway, I'm glad you're not hurt. Good thing I was around, eh.

Oh, thank you very much!

She bows like a little doll.

…Hm?

I look at her head as she bows deeply and notice something.

Those things on your ears…

Huh?

There are a pair of big, white metal covers on her ears.

They stuck out from the back of her head like big headphones.

What are those?

Oh, these? They function as sensors.

She grins.

S-Sensors?

Yes, but I've apparently been fitted with them so that people don't mistake me for a human.

So that people don't mistake you…?

I cut myself off as I start to realize what she's saying.

If she has sensors on her ears and she's not a human, then that means…

Are you the new Robomaid model being tested at the school right now?

Yes, that would be me.

She says with a big smile.

Sorry, I forgot to introduce myself.

I am Model HMX-12, a general-purpose android who will be attending school with everyone else here.

I only have another week left, but I hope it will be a pleasant one for us all.

She bows deeply again.

So it is her.

HM…what was it again?

Model HMX-12. That is my test number. If you find that difficult to remember, you can call me Multi.

Multi?

Yes, the engineers all call me that. I hear that's what my product name will be eventually.

The Robomaid… Multi says, speaking with a carefree smile.

Would you be so kind as to tell me your name?

Oh, me?

Yes.

I'm Hiroyuki Fujita, a junior in Class B.

Hiroyuki? That's a lovely name.

Is it?

Yes, it's very lovely.

…Hmm.

Multi's a Robomaid, but it sounds like she knows how to say things just to be polite.

Guess you'd expect that from the latest model.

I mean, she's probably been programmed to say that whenever she asks someone for their name.

Hmmm…

I inspect Multi very closely.

…

Interesting…

…

Huh…

…U-Um, is there a problem?

No, I was just admiring your new features as the latest model. You're really well made. I can't tell you apart from a human at all.

I'm pleased to hear that. They selected the best robot technology to create a Robomaid as humanlike as possible. That was the idea behind my development, apparently.

Huh, interesting. It's true, though. You look exactly like a human.

Thank you very much!

Geez, technology just keeps getting better and better.

I'm highly impressed.

Many Robomaids these days are hard to differentiate from humans at first glance.

But Multi is particularly realistic and looks exactly like a human.

She speaks in a regular cadence and her facial expressions are very natural.

Other Robomaids I've come across have a doll-like aspect to them, but Multi is different.

I honestly wouldn't know that she's a robot if she didn't have those covers (sensors, I think?) on her ears.

Maybe she's just a regular girl with covers on her ears pretending to be a Robomaid?

She's so realistic that this thought crosses my mind.

So she's the latest model, huh.

You're a pretty clumsy new model if you're falling down the stairs like that.

I tease Multi lightly and she gives me a sheepish smile.

…Indeed. I am the latest model, but I seem to mess up a lot. I've been made with so many advanced functions, yet look at me… I'm a disgrace to my engineers.

However, Multi doesn't let that get her down.

But I'm going to do my best and make up for my shortcomings with hard work.

She beams.

Now that's a robot with a positive outlook on life.

Ah!

Multi suddenly yells.

What's wrong?

I just remembered! I was in the middle of doing a task. I need to take those boxes to the print room.

She hurries over to the boxes strewn on the floor and picks one up with a big heave.

After placing the first box onto the second box, she attempts to pick them both up at once.

Hrrrnnngghh<rep rep_sweat>

Multi clenches her teeth to summon every ounce of strength.

I tap her on the shoulder.

Yes?

…Step aside.

Huh?

It'll be take-two of the mess just now if you try to take them both at once. Hup!

I pick up the two boxes stacked on top of each other.

Oh…

They're boxes filled with printer paper.

Even I, with my manly arms, find carrying the two boxes at once pretty heavy.

To the print room, was it?

G-Gosh, I couldn't let you do that. I'll take those. It doesn't make sense for a human to help a robot.

But you're a girl, right? It's a guy's job to help out a girl in need.

What?

C'mon, let's go.

Um, Hiroyuki!

They're kinda heavy, but I carry the boxes to the print room for her.

Um, thank you so much. Not only did you save me from falling, but you also carried those heavy boxes for me…

Heh. It was nothing, really.

To be completely honest, my arms are pretty shot.

Our roles have been switched.

Huh?

I'm a robot that was made to be of assistance to humans, yet…

Sure, you're a robot, but you've got your strengths and weaknesses. Since you're a girl robot, you're not made for heavy lifting.

You should help people out with what you're good at. What do you specialize in?

I wouldn't say that I'm good at it, but I love cleaning!

Yeah? Then you should give it your all doing that.

Ooh, yes! You're right!

Multi smiles from ear to ear.

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

The bell rings to signal the start of class.

Whoops, class is starting. I'll catch you later, Multi!

Okay, Hiroyuki. Until we meet again!

I wave goodbye to Multi and leave.

So that's Kurusugawa's new Robomaid model, eh?

…

But she's kind of a strange robot.

I stop by the arcade on the way home from school to kill some time.

After playing for a bit and using up all of my coins, I leave the arcade and notice a familiar face on the way to the bus stop.

Those distinct ear covers.

That tiny body which you wouldn't think belongs to a high-schooler.

It's Multi.

Hey, Multi!

Hm?

Multi hears me call out to her and looks my way.

Oh, Hiroyuki!

She looks at my face, beams, and then jogs over to me.

Hey, what's up? On the way home?

Yes, I was waiting for the bus.

The bus? You take the bus to school?

Yes. The bus here goes directly to Kurusugawa Electronics.

Oh, so you always go home to the lab?

Yes. The Number Seven Research Development Lab of the HM Development Department in the Kurusugawa Central Laboratory is my home.

…I see.

And then…

Hm?

I notice an unfamiliar face standing next to Multi.

Hm? Who's this?

The high-school girl in uniform next to her has the same large ear covers.

That must mean she's one too.

Oh, this is…

Model HMX-13. Also known as Serio. Pleased to meet you.

The girl who calls herself Serio gives a slow and polite bow.

There's no doubt about it. She's a Robomaid, just like Multi.

Are you a friend of Multi's?

I ask.

Yes. She's my friend and we also have a sisterly relationship.

Multi answers.

She's wearing the Terajo Academy uniform…

Yes. Serio attends Terajo Girls Academy for testing.

Wow, that prestigious girls' high school?

Yes. It's the perfect school for Serio because she's so talented.

I didn't know there were other Robomaids attending schools for testing too.

Schools are the most suitable place for testing functions aimed at working in general society… Or so I hear.

I guess that makes sense.

The engineers told us to talk to and be of help to many people. They said there would be plenty of people in schools who would give us various tests.

I see.

…And that's why Serio, who was developed at the same time as me, and I go to school.

She was developed at the same time as you? Ohhh, so that's why you're sisters.

Yes, but she's far more capable than me. You wouldn't think that we were developed at the same time.

What makes her so good?

Her greatest feature is that she can use satellites and, uh…

I am able to receive signals from satellites.

Serio explains..

What does that mean?

It's a service that allows me to receive data from Kurusugawa's massive database via satellites and add it to my memory.

And what about that feature is so impressive?

By receiving data from satellites, Serio can become a professional at a range of occupations in no time.

What do you mean?

Say a user would like me to cook something for them. I can search for it straight away and receive the recipe data via satellites.

That would make me capable of cooking that dish at the level of a top-class restaurant.

Interesting.

Kurusugawa's database has approximately 8,000 recipes from 120 countries around the world stored in it, and that is merely the cooking section alone.

So just having Serio in your home would mean that you don't have to go to an expensive restaurant.

Now that's impressive.

There are other uses too. She could receive studying data to become a super top-class tutor, or you could ask her to go shopping for you and she can get everything by taking the most efficient route.

Whoa, that's amazing. She's rendering all the Robomaids of the past useless.

…That's right. Compared to Serio, I'm useless. I'm hopeless at cooking, and I get lost if I'm sent out on an errand.

Serio would never have to call from the station to get a lab worker to come pick her up…

Serio pats Multi on the shoulder when she starts to speak negatively about herself.

…

A friendship blossoming between two robots, huh.

That's why Serio was the robot who garnered the most attention at the Robot Show this spring.

Wow. So why are you being tested at the same time as Serio, who you say is such an amazing robot?

The better, more capable robot out of us two will become the next flagship product.

Which means you and Serio are rivals then?

Yes, but I feel as though we are more friends than rivals, even if the development process suggests otherwise.

You're both friends and rivals. That's a nice relationship to have.

But Serio is the better robot no matter how you look at it. I'm just…

No, I think you're plenty good.

The Haruki family in my neighborhood have a Robomaid of their own. It's one of those super early models, and it looks like a box with wheels. Really clunky.

That must be one of my predecessors. What is it like?

It's an early model, so it doesn't have many functions and always messes up. Mrs. Haruki yells at it all year round.

…

When it apologizes, it says, 'I AM VERY SORRY' in a really robotic voice. Although, that just ends up infuriating her even more. Apparently she kicks the crap out of it every day.

O-Oh my…

Then its self-defense function kicks in and it says, 'PLEASE STOP IMMEDIATELY.' She hates it when it says that, so she just ends up kicking it even more.

Th-That's horrible.

It says 'PLEASE STOP IMMEDIATELY' with every kick, so she gets angrier and angrier, and kicks it again. Then it says 'PLEASE STOP… '-it's an endless cycle.

Gosh…<rep rep_sweat>

But the robot's sturdier than a boulder. Its body is all beat-up, but it still runs like clockwork.

She can't bring herself to throw it away because she's still paying off the 8-million-yen loan she took out to buy the thing-and that really ticks her off. You're super-advanced compared to that thing.

…O-Oh my goodness. I'll try harder. I'll do my very best, so please don't treat me roughly.

M-Multi…?

Without me even realizing it, Multi starts to cry. She sniffles and heaves.

Hey, I didn't mean you'd end up like that. I was just telling you about other robots out there to make you feel better and prove that you're not useless…

*sniffle*

A-And, you know what? Despite how she treats it, Mrs. Haruki actually gets along with the robot pretty well.

…R-Really?

She sure does. So please stop crying.

O-Okay…

Not long after, the bus arrives, and the two robots hop on to head home to the lab.

Something about seeing two robots happily going home together brings a smile to my face.

As a person observing from the outside, they look like an honor student and dunce duo.

Heh…

Multi really does seem more like a human than Serio, though.

Maybe she's the latest model in that regard?

I stop by the arcade on the way home from school to kill some time.

After playing for a bit and using up all of my coins, I leave the arcade and notice a familiar face on the way to the bus stop.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

Huh…?

What is that…?

A phone…?

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

I shift my head from my pillow and look at the clock.

What? It's still only 8 a.m.

Who's calling me so early in the morning?

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

Whatever.

I'm ignoring it.

I'll pretend I don't notice.

They'll give up right away.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

…

Talk about stubborn.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

Ugh, fine.

Guess I'll pick up.

*domphf, domphf, domphf, domphf*

Geez, I bet we're the only family around who still keeps their phone by the front door.

I wish we'd at least switch to a cordless phone.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

Yeah, yeah, I'm coming. You better not hang up.

I'll be real mad if they hang up just before I get there.

I rush to pick up the phone.

Hello, this is Fujita.

Oh, um, hello?!

I hear a girl's voice on the other side.

M-May, um, may I ask if this is the Fujita residence?

Yes, it is.

I-I-I-I-I-I-I w-w-w-w-would like to speak to Hiroyuki, please!

Man, she sure is flustered.

That's me.

I answer.

Oh! Hiroyuki?!

The voice on the phone brightens up immediately.

Hm? Wait a second…

That voice…

Is that you, Multi?

I press the phone firmly to my ear to listen closer.

Yes, it's me! Multi!

She responds in an energetic voice.

This voice is definitely Multi's.

Oh, so it IS you!

…Aww, I'm thrilled that I get to speak to you again.

Me too. What's up? How've you been?

I've been well, thank you.

Of course she's been well. We only just spoke yesterday.

That's a given.

Where are you calling from?

The lab.

Oh yeah, of course. The lab's your home.

That's right… Um, by the way, Hiroyuki?

Hm?

Do you have any plans today?

Me? Plans?

Yes.

Uh, do I have anything on today?

I've actually been given permission to leave the lab, but just for today.

Permission to go out? You must be pretty happy.

Yes, I'm absolutely thrilled. I've never been granted permission to leave before.

She sounds genuinely happy.

So I was wondering if I could go to your place today to offer you some help as a token of gratitude for all that you've done. If you don't mind, that is.

A. Sure. Come on by.

B. You don't have to come to thank me.

Are you saying you want to come over now?

Yes… Um, if that's okay.

For sure! Yeah, come on by!

Really?! Thank goodness! I didn't know what I'd do with myself if you had plans.

Don't be silly. You don't have to come to thank me.

B-But…

I haven't done anything major for you. This phone call is enough to offer your thanks.

But…

I'd feel bad if you came all this way just to say thanks.

…

Multi thinks for a moment.

I see.

She says.

Okay. Then please let me thank you over the phone.

Sure. I'll gladly accept that.

Hiroyuki. Thank you very much for all that you have done for me. I will not forget your kindness for the rest of my life.

Hahaha, that's a bit dramatic.

Thank you so much.

…

I feel like my heart skipped a beat.

Why?

S-Say, Multi?

Yes?

It'd be great if you could call me like this again. I'll always be around to talk to you. You know what? Let's hang out together sometime.

Hang out…with me?!

Yeah.

Th-Thank you so much! I, I'm so…

Multi?

…

…

…Th-That's it from me then. Take care, Hiroyuki.

Huh? Uh, okay.

*click*

*beep, beep, beep*

She ends by saying "take care"…

Oh, crap.

I should've invited her out somewhere today.

What am I-an idiot?

Oh well.

I'll ask her the next time she calls me.

I'll cancel any plans I have if you're coming.

Oh, thank you! I'm honored that you'd go to such lengths for me!

Hahaha, she's always so over-the-top.

Are you leaving now?

Yes. I'll hurry over there as fast as I can. I think I should be there in about 30 minutes! Not long at all!

By the way, do you know what my address-

*click*

*beep, beep, beep*

Hold up.

Does she actually know my address?

I know how scatterbrained she can be…

I'm kinda worried.

Ack!

I just remembered! I've got a date with Lemmy today.

Man, what do I do?

A. Prioritize Multi.

B. Prioritize Lemmy.

I'm not doing the right thing by Lemmy, but I'll prioritize Multi today.

I can see Lemmy whenever I want, but I don't get the chance to meet up with Multi often.

Nope, I don't have any plans today.

I say, speaking without hesitation.

I just know Multi will feel bad if I tell her the truth.

A white lie here's for the greater good.

Sorry, Lemmy.

So come on over. You're more than welcome.

Oh, thank you! I'll hurry over there as fast as I can. I think I should be there in about 30 minutes! Not long at all!

By the way, do you know what my address-

*click*

*beep, beep, beep*

Wait a second…

Does she actually know my address?

I know how scatterbrained she can be…

I'm kinda worried.

Whoops, before I forget.

I gotta call Lemmy as soon as I can to let her know I can't come.

I'd feel extra bad if she'd already started to get ready before I called her.

I call Lemmy's home phone.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*click*

Hello?

The person on the line speaks in English, as if that were to be expected.

H-Hello. This is Hiroyuki Fujita.

D-Do they understand me?

Oh! Hiroyuki?

Hang on, I know that voice…

Is that you, Lemmy?

Yes, it's me.

I breathe a sigh of relief knowing that I'm speaking to Lemmy, but then I remember that I called to cancel our date and lose my spark of joy.

So I'm calling about our date today…

Yeah, I can't wait!

Well, uh, about that…

What's wrong?

Sorry, I can't go anymore. Something came up.

What?! Did something happen to you?!

No, it's not anything serious. I just have something that I personally can't reschedule…

I feel guilty about giving her a vague excuse.

But Lemmy doesn't seem too fazed.

That's a shame. Let's try again some other time!

She says.

Yeah, sure thing…

Uh-huh!

Sorry.

That's okay!

See ya.

*click*

I hang up the phone.

Sorry, Lemmy.

I'll definitely make up for it another time.

I already made plans with Lemmy first, so I feel bad for Multi, but I have to be honest and refuse her.

Sorry, Multi.

Hm?

I know I told you to come over, but now that I think about it, I actually have plans to see someone else today.

Oh, um, really?

I totally forgot. Sorry… I feel bad about this, but I can't do today…

No, no, don't be sorry. You already had plans. I'm the one to blame here for asking out of the blue like that.

I'm sorry.

That's okay. You don't have to be sorry.

Multi says, speaking in a cheerful voice.

We'll do this next time, okay?

…

What's wrong?

Huh? Oh, nothing! Next time then!

Thanks for today. I'm really glad you took the effort to call me.

Hiroyuki…

See you later.

Goodbye then! Take care!

Mm-hmm.

*click*

I hang up the phone.

Hang on.

She ended with "take care"…

Now then…

I guess I'll wait for Multi to get here.

I sit down on the sofa and glance around my place.

It's pretty messy.

…

Alright. I should clean up a bit since I'm having someone over.

Whew…

That should be enough.

And 30 minutes is almost up.

I'll wait out the rest by watching some TV.

Wait a second…

I finished watching a 30-minute show, but she still isn't here yet.

She said she'd be here in 30 minutes-it's been over an hour.

Where is she?

Another 30 minutes passed…

Argh, I know exactly what's happened…

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

Right on cue.

I go to the front hall and pick up the phone.

*click*

Hello, this is Fujita.

I put the phone to my ear and the first thing I hear are the sounds of cars driving by on a busy street.

It sounds like she's calling from a public telephone.

And then…

*sob*

I hear the sound of her sniffling over the phone.

Hello? Multi?

I chuckle.

Aww, H-Hiroyuki…

Did you get lost or something?

I say with a laugh.

I'm sorry, but that's exactly what's happened…

She responds with all the woe I expected.

Where are you right now?

I took a wrong turn on the way here and wandered around until I ended up at the station…

The station? Got it. I'll head over there right now, so sit tight and don't go following any weirdos.

S-Sorry for all the trouble I've caused.

I hear a thud through the phone.

I'm guessing she bowed or something and bumped her forehead on the phone.

I hang up and put my shoes on right away.

Man, she's a lost cause.

What kind of new Robomaid model gets lost and calls in tears?

I mean, I guess that's what makes Multi, well…Multi.

I chuckle and leave home.

I arrive at the station.

Let's see…

It's no surprise that the area is bustling with people, especially since it's the weekend.

I scan the jam-packed crowds looking for Multi.

And finally…

Hiroyukiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!

She finds me first.

Multi runs over waving her arms wildly as tears stream down her face.

I-I'm so sorryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!

Plump droplets of tears burst from her huge eyes.

She isn't dressed in her uniform, but rather a tomboy-ish cute outfit from her own closet.

It really suits her.

Honestly, you should've said something from the beginning if you didn't know how to get to my place. I would've come right out to pick you up.

I-I had a note with your address written on it, but I didn't know where your street was…

It can be pretty hard just looking at it on paper. You should've asked a police officer for directions.

Aww, and here I was planning to show you my gratitude for all that you've done and now I've gone and caused more trouble…

It's totally okay, really. You haven't caused me any trouble… And hey, you should wipe your runny nose.

I hand her a tissue.

R-Right. Thank you.

She blows her nose with a honk.

…Aww, if it were Serio, I'm sure she wouldn't have gotten lost like I did.

Multi sounds like she feels really guilty.

Now that you mention it, Serio can navigate using data from satellites, right?

That's right. She would never get lost. Yet I…

I chuckle and place my hand on Multi's head.

You need to stop comparing yourself to others. It'll get you nowhere. You know what? The fact that you came all this way just to thank me is part of what makes you so great.

What?

I think you are fit to be the latest model, just the way you are.

Thank you so much. I'm glad you think that way. I…

I chuckle.

By the way, your outfit looks great on you.

Hm?

Yeah, you look really cute.

Th-Thank you very much!

*click* *click*

*clack*

Come on in.

…Oh, thank you.

Multi enters my home somewhat hesitantly.

Her eyes widen, and she looks around as she steps into my front hallway.

…Wow, this is your home?

Yeah, it's pretty small, though.

That's not true at all! I think it's a lovely place.

Yeah?

Yes! It's my dream to work in a home like this one day.

Multi grins.

Your dream, eh?

She's a robot, yet she has dreams of her own?

Um, are your parents home?

They don't come home often, so I'm practically living here by myself.

Really? That sounds like an ordeal.

Yeah, you bet it is. I wish I had a Robomaid here too.

What? Really?!

Yeah, definitely. Oh, I know! When your model is officially released, I'll ask my parents to buy one for me.

Hiroyuki…

I sit down on the sofa and invite Multi to sit too.

You don't have to be at attention like a soldier. Have a seat. You must be exhausted.

However, Multi shakes head with a smile on her face.

That's okay. I'm fine.

She says.

More importantly, I'd like to get right into doing something for you.

Something for me?

I mentioned this on the way home yesterday, but I want to repay you for your kindness. I'm here today to do anything I can to return the favor.

So please let me work for you and only you for the time being.

Me and only me?

That's right. I couldn't work for you specifically at school, but at home…

I'd feel bad about letting you do that.

A grin spreads across her face again.

Starting now, I'm going to be your personal Robomaid!

Multi says.

M-My personal Robomaid?!

Yes! So please feel free to ask me to do whatever you like!

Th-That's kinda embarrassing.

I was built to be a helper robot, so this is all I can do to repay you. Even so, I still want to show my gratitude as much as I can.

Quit with the whole repaying and returning the favor deal. You're blowing this way out of proportion…

It will only be for a short period of time, but please allow me to be at your service today.

Be at my service, huh?

Aww, man. Now that's a line that really makes me melt.

Do all Robomaid owners get to experience this?

I feel like one of my life's wishes has been granted.

Alright! I'll take you up on that and have you do something for me!

Whatever you wish! I may not look it, but I can cook, clean, and do the laundry!

Yeah? Okay, I haven't had breakfast yet, so could you cook something for me?

Yes, as you wish! Um, hmm. What should I make for you?

Good question. What are you able to cook?

Anything!

Anything? That's impressive.

As long as I have a cookbook…

…

And I'll need ingredients too.

Oh, sorry… I don't actually have anything stocked. I've got instant ramen, though.

There's only so much I can do without ingredients…

Yeah, true. Do I actually have anything?

I stand up and walk over to the kitchen.

Oh! I'll come with you!

*clack*

*clack*

I check the fridge and all of the cupboards with Multi.

Hmmm…

…

I really don't have anything.

You don't…

My kitchen is so bare that one might question whether anyone really lives here.

You do have a lot of seasonings and spices, though.

Yeah, that's thanks to Akari-

I cut myself off.

Almost all of the seasonings and spices were left in the cupboard by Akari when she came over to cook for me.

All we can find aside from that are instant and canned food.

…It wouldn't feel right for you to go out of your way to make me instant ramen.

Hiroyuki, Hiroyuki!

Multi calls out to me with a huge grin on her face.

She's holding a packet of spaghetti.

Can I use this?

Spaghetti, huh.

Yes. I also found some bolognese sauce too.

Oh yeah. I guess I did have that lying around.

Shall I make this for you?

Sure.

Cooking a dish using spaghetti is pretty simple, but it's better than instant ramen.

Could you cook that for me?

Yes!

Multi starts cooking right away.

She rolls up her sleeves, puts on my mom's apron, and gets a pot of water boiling.

Are you gonna be okay? Can you really cook?

Yes, leave it to me!

Multi beams with confidence.

…

…

A rice cracker?

…Ack.

Rice cracker bolognese?

…Aww.

I can't even eat this with a fork.

Gahhh, I'm so sorryyyyyyyyyyyyy!

The spaghetti she cooks for me gets burned and clumps together. It's like a giant rice cracker.

It had all stuck together while she was boiling it and then turned into a crisp when she tried to fry it in a pan without enough oil in it.

She could've poured the sauce on later, but fried it together with the clump of pasta, creating a dish of cracker bolognese.

I munch and crunch into it.

Th-Thanks for the food…

I make sure to eat every last bite.

Awww, I-I'm really sorry…

D-Don't let it get you down. It tasted like spaghetti bolognese, at least?

But it had the texture of a pizza.

I've actually never cooked anything properly before.

Huhwhaaa?!

I did a little bit as a test in the lab, that's about it… Aww, I thought it would turn out fine if I followed the instructions.

What instructions was she reading?

You know what? When it comes to cooking, it's experience that's really important. There are little nuances and tricks you need to master, even for simple things like stewing or stir-frying.

I-I'm sorry. I've only just come off the production line, so I lack a lot of experience…

Experience, huh. They don't program that kind of stuff into you from the get-go?

It depends on the robot. I just happen to be the type that learns over time…

Multi sniffles.

…Aww, if I were Serio, I'm sure I would've made a delicious spaghetti dish that you'd love.

She's completely down on herself.

Guess I gotta do what I gotta do.

I soften my gaze and smile.

That's not true.

I place my hand on Multi's head.

Oh…

I was still happy with your dish. Cooking isn't all about flavor. What's important is that you cook to bring joy to the person eating it.

Hiroyuki…

That spaghetti you put your heart and soul into cooking for me tasted really good.

I stroke Multi's head.

H-Hiroyuki…

She seems to like having her head stroked.

So don't get so down on yourself. Your cooking skills will improve in leaps and bounds as long as you cook with love.

R-Right.

Tears begin to well up in her eyes as she nods.

Aww, thank you so much, Hiroyuki…

Her tears continue to build and then overflow.

Geez, you're such a little crybaby.

I continue to gently stroke her head.

Multi then starts to put away the dishes and cleans my entire house.

I'm really impressed by her amazing skills.

Cooking is one thing, but Multi is a complete expert when it comes to cleaning.

That's all of the cleaning done.

Wow. Yeah, great work.

I look at the living room, kitchen,

front hallway,

toilet and even the bathroom. It's all squeaky clean.

Whoa, you did amazing. Everything's sparkling like new again.

What shall I clean next?

Multi is still raring to go.

You've got some real skills, Multi.

I'm genuinely impressed.

Thank you very much. Cleaning is my one and only forte. I learned a lot of tricks at school.

I see. Because you're a learning robot, right?

Right.

Then that deserves more praise.

What?!

Great job.

I stroke her head.

Oh…

Multi always seems to stare off into space and descends into a drunken state when I stroke her head.

She must get the most joy out of making humans happy and being praised by them.

Seeing Multi happy makes me happy.

A happy cycle of joy.

Multi continues her cleaning spree. She cleans the stairs, the rooms upstairs, and even my room.

And as the clock ticks just past midday there's nothing else left to clean.

Robomaids sure are handy.

Now I want one even more.

The entire house is so clean I can barely recognize it. Thanks, Multi.

It's an honor to see that you are pleased.

I guess it shows that this place can be this clean as long as you put some elbow grease into it. I'm impressed.

It was nothing…

Alright, you deserve a treat.

What?

What would you like?

Multi thinks for a moment and then looks over at me bashfully.

And then…

Um, w-well then…

Her voice is as tiny as a mouse.

Go on. I'm all ears.

P-Please stroke my head.

Too easy.

*sst, sst, sst, sst*

There you go. Good girl.

…Oh.

Like this?

…Yes.

What would you like next?

U-Um, w-well… I'd like you to stroke my head even more.

Got it.

Good girl, good girl.

*sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst*

…

Was that good?

…Yes.

What next?

U-U-Um, w-w-well… I'd like you to stroke my head more and more.

'Atta girl, 'atta girl.

*sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst*

…

Um, Hiroyuki?

Hm?

Did I help you out a little today?

A little? You were a big help! I'm really glad you came over today.

Then can I assume that I have repaid my debt a little?

You've paid it all off and then some.

Gosh, thank goodness!

Multi is so insistent on repaying my kindness or returning the favor, but I don't remember doing anything to warrant that.

Sure, I saved her from falling and helped her to clean, but that was nothing.

She definitely did more for me than I did for her.

But knowing Multi, she'll probably keep working until it's time for her to go home unless I stop her.

That's great and all, but she's come all this way, so I want to make the most of our time together.

It'd be nice if we could go and hang out somewhere.

I know!

The weather's great, so I'll take her outside.

I've still got some time left. Is there anything else you would like me to do?

That's plenty. Thanks.

I tap Multi on the shoulder.

But there's still time…

Then how about we head out somewhere?

What?

Let's go on a date together<rep rep_heart>

A d-date?!

Yeah.

I smile.

The weather's great, so I'm sure it'll make for a fun date.

You and me…on a date?

You don't mind, right? Let's go.

I say.

S-Sure! I'd love to go!

Multi nods enthusiastically with the biggest grin on her face.

Now then…

We leave home without deciding where to go, but now what?

Where should we go?

Multi.

Yes?

Multi's happiness level is already at 120%.

Is there anywhere you want to go?

Yes! I'm happy to go anywhere!

I knew she'd say that.

You've come all this way, so let's go somewhere you want to go. Maybe somewhere you've never been before?

Okay! I've never been to most places!

I was expecting that response too.

…Hmm. What to do?

A movie theater or amusement park would be the usual date spots.

I don't think a movie is the right vibe…

So, I guess we're going to an amusement park.

How about an amusement park?

An amusement…park?

There'll be a huge Ferris wheel and some fun attractions…

Wow…

Multi's eyes sparkle.

Wanna go?

Yes, definitely!

Then that settles it. We gotta buy tickets first, so let's get them from that ticket machine.

Okay.

And so Multi and I hop onto a train and head to an amusement park.

It's Multi's first time on a train as well, and she's full of emotion.

She's really easy to please.

Okay, we're here.

It's a weekend, so it's packed with people.

There are lots of families and couples around.

Wow, so this is an amusement park?

Multi's eyes widen, and she looks around, soaking up all the sights.

Every experience is new to her, and everything she sees probably feels novel.

This place is so full of life!

That's Multi's first impression.

It's extra lively today because it's a weekend.

Not to mention the amazing weather.

Everyone looks like they're having lots of fun.

What about you?

Yes! I'm having great fun too!

Multi grins.

Seeing that smile of hers makes me really glad I brought her here.

Alright then, Multi.

Yes?

There's no point standing around doing nothing. Let's go on some rides.

Okay!

There are lots of fun ones here. We probably won't have time to get around to all of them.

Ooh, I'm so excited!

Okay, let's go.

Yes!

I hold Multi's hand and take her with me.

Multi and me.

We probably look like a couple to the average person.

The two of us visit all kinds of attractions.

We ride on rides and explore attractions that are inside buildings.

Our day is spent using our time effectively to enjoy all the park has to offer.

Multi is particularly thrilled about walking through the building featuring the fantastical worlds.

The world of forests, world of fire, world of mirrors… She's blown away by every new world she steps into.

I even take her to a haunted house to give her a little fright.

But Multi isn't the slightest bit scared.

Or rather, she doesn't really understand the concept of ghosts and monsters.

What a letdown.

I really want to scare her, so I tell her all about ghosts and monsters… But that makes her feel sorry for them instead and she starts to tear up.

My plan is a failure.

I decide to pass on the rollercoasters.

The last thing I want is for her breaker to trip from the shock making it so that I have to carry her home on my back.

Time passes and we decide to go on the giant Ferris wheel for a relaxing break.

Wow, this is incredible…

Whoa, we're pretty high up.

We have a view of not only the amusement park, but the surrounding area as well.

Guess they don't call it a "giant" Ferris wheel for nothing.

Are you tired?

No, not in the slightest. I've even packed a back-up battery today.

A back-up battery?

Yes. The engineers thought I would need it and let me borrow one.

Huh. Interesting.

Multi then tells me all about the lab staff and what it's like living in the lab.

She isn't great at explaining, but she tries her best.

I can tell that she's very much loved by the engineers.

I realize that her kind personality is fostered by the loving environment the engineers brought her up in.

I'm so thankful to all of the engineers. I'm who I am today thanks to them working so hard around the clock.

And they're also the reason I met you and am here now.

They're practically your parents, so it makes sense that you're grateful to them.

Yes.

Multi nods with a smile on her face.

And I'm as thankful to you as I am to the engineers.

Haha, you really don't have to be.

Multi then seems to look apologetic.

…I'm sorry.

She says.

Hm? For what?

I came to repay my debt to you, but now I owe you even more.

Stop that. I'm enjoying myself today too, so you don't have to feel indebted to me.

Hiroyuki…

Listen, you're having fun, I'm having fun. The both of us having fun is how a good date should be!

I see. So dates are absolutely wonderful activities then!

They are. They're what help two people who like each other to fall even further in love.

Two people who…like each other?

I like you, Multi. How do you feel about me?

What?!

Do you like me?

…

Do you hate me?

I-I like you!

Multi's face turns bright red as she gives me a clear answer.

I love you, Hiroyuki!

Yeah? Guess that means we like each other then. Two people who like each other going on a date-of course it's fun.

Y-Yes!

So let's go on another date sometime.

I say.

What?

I don't want today to be our last date. Let's go on another and another. And after that, even more dates!

Oh…

I'll take you to a whole bunch of other fun places.

I laugh bashfully.

Hiroyuki…

Tears begin to well up in Multi's eyes.

And then…

Th-Thank you so much…

She says, gazing into my eyes.

Okay, where should we go next time? How about the aquarium? You've never seen fish before, have you? Oh, and animals! We could go to the zoo too.

…

Hey, which do you wanna see? Animals or fish?

I ask, but…

…

Multi seems to have mixed emotions and doesn't respond.

What's wrong? You don't like either of them?

N-No, that's not it…

Then which do you prefer? Or we could totally do something else.

…

Is there somewhere you want to go?

…Huh? Oh, um…

Multi looks away without really responding.

Hm?

She seems to be acting strangely.

…

…

…

…

The carriage of our Ferris wheel eventually reaches the top.

We can see out farther than before.

Multi…

I look over at Multi with a forced smile.

Yes?

…Hey, are you hiding something from me?

What?

You look troubled every time I bring up the next time.

…Oh.

Multi. This isn't…the last time we'll see each other, is it?

U-Um…

Is this…our last day together?

…

I know the answer without her even responding.

Multi is as honest as they come, and the truth is always written on her face.

I'm right, aren't I? You came to see me because this really is our last day together.

Multi hesitates to answer for a while, but eventually…

Yes.

She says with a slight nod.

Why?

I ask her with an awkward smile.

Multi tears up a little as she turns to me and slowly opens her mouth to speak.

…I'm a prototype, so my job is over when the trial period ends. That's why today is the last day I get to see you too.

…So I was right?

Yes. I'm sorry for not telling you.

What's going to happen to you, Multi?

They will retrieve all of the data I have accumulated and then reset me.

The data will be transferred to the main computer in the company and used to develop the final consumer product. A new version of me will be uploaded into my body for the next test.

…Wh-What? Then that means the robot you are today won't exist anymore?

I won't cease to exist. The data will still remain. It will be stored in the company's servers…just like how a human would sleep.

Sleep? When do you get to wake up then?!

Well…

If you'll be asleep forever then that's the same as you ceasing to exist!

But the data that serves as my heart will eventually be sold commercially and inherited by my 'little sisters.'

Little sisters? The mass-produced versions of you that will go on sale?

Yes. They obviously won't inherit my personal memories, but I'm sure they'll all have the exact same personality as me.

But they won't be you. They'll just be copies created based on you, right? The version of you sitting in front of me now will disappear.

…

…Are you okay with that, Multi? You're not sad or scared?

…

How can you say all those things with a smile on your face?

Multi looks down and remains silent for a while before she eventually lifts her head up.

Because I'm a robot.

She says with her usual beaming smile.

I'm okay with that because I'm a robot. Robots don't have a real heart. They don't feel sad or scared. All they have is data.

Multi…

You liar.

You do have a heart.

You get more scared, cry more, and have a heart kinder than any human I know…

I was originally made for the development of the little sisters that will come after me. I was created to give this data I have gathered to my adorable little sisters.

…

But I was a happy robot. I'm a prototype that was made purely to collect data, yet I've made so many memories… I'm an overjoyed robot.

…

I wanted to see you today at all costs to tell you just that… I wanted to see you, speak to you, and repay your kindness.

…

Hiroyuki. I'm really glad I became friends with you. You were always so kind to me…and treated me like a human.

Because…you're Multi…

I mumble.

What?

It wasn't about you being a robot or a human, to me…you're just Multi.

H-Hiroyuki… Aww…

She seems close to tears for a moment, but then squeezes her eyes shut to stop herself from crying and rubs her eyes with her hands before her usual smile returns to her face.

I was very happy today. It was my dream to work in a house like yours with an owner like you. I didn't get to experience it for long, but my dream came true today.

…

…Unfortunately, since I'm a prototype, that dream is now over. I hope that one of my little sisters will one day serve you just like I did today.

Multi…

I'm so caught up in the revelation that I don't notice that the Ferris wheel has almost reached the bottom.

It's almost completed its loop.

We don't have much time left on the Ferris wheel.

And Multi and I don't have much time left together.

The engineers, the people I met at school, the old lady at the bus stop, and you-Hiroyuki… I love all humans.

I love bringing joy to humans.

…I see.

I want to share these feelings of mine with my little sisters who will be born after me. I want them to love humans just like I do.

Multi…

I want them to show gratitude to humans on my behalf.

…You're so kind.

I smile and look down.

Tears trickle from my eyes.

I have so much love for Multi at that moment.

Thank you so much for today. I will record today's events in the most precious part of my memories.

…And I won't ever forget you either.

I said.

*sob*

A lump forms in her throat as she gives me a long, heartfelt bow.

She doesn't lift her head for the longest time.

I know exactly why.

Tears pitter-patter onto the floor.

Multi is just like me.

She doesn't want others to see her cry.

Multi…!

…Oh.

I pull her in and hold her slender body tight.

Let's have a blast today, okay?

What?

We'll have so much fun that we'll double the number of memories you have.

H-Hiroyuki…

…We'll make so many memories that you'll have fun even if you don't wake up from your sleep.

O-Okay!

It tears me up inside, but that's all I can do for her.

Our Ferris wheel carriage reaches the platform to exit.

And Multi and I have as much fun as we can with the little time we have left.

We go to the merch store where I buy a straw hat for Multi.

Hiroyuki! What do you think?

It looks great on you.

Thank you so much! I'll treasure this forever!

…Yeah.

That beaming smile of Multi's is etched deeply and brightly into the back of my mind.

Yuki.

I slowly look up.

Hm?

Something wrong? You seem sad.

Do I…?

Yeah… Did something happen?

No, nothing in particular…

Okay…

What? You worried about me or something?

Huh? Oh, um, I guess so.

Oh, thanks.

What?

What's wrong?

No, it's nothing…

Akari shakes her head.

…

…

I speak after a short silence.

Say, Akari?

Yeah?

If you…

If I?

Were to get married to someone…

What?! Wh-Who's this someone?

U-Uh, it doesn't matter. Anyway, if you were to get married…

Y-Yeah.

…And became a housewife, would you want to have a Robomaid around?

A Robomaid?

Yeah.

H-Hmmm, I don't know…

Akari thinks for a bit before answering.

I don't think I would want one…

Why's that?

Because she would take away all of my jobs as a housewife.

I see.

But what makes you ask that?

No reason…

I smile to hide the truth.

Oh, but you know that freshman we had? Multi? If it were one like her then I wouldn't mind.

Multi…

Why? Why would Multi be okay?

Because I think it'd be fun if we got to cook and clean together.

Akari smiles.

…Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

You're right. I bet it'd be fun to have her around.

Yeah.

…

…

…

…

…

…

What?

I ask with an awkward smile.

You seem really gentle today for some reason.

Akari says.

It's lunch time.

I finish eating and then head over to the school's rooftop without really thinking much of it.

It's a clear and sunny morning.

The warm rays of the sun beam down, and I feel as though they fill the huge hole left in my heart.

I gaze up at the sky.

Watching the fluffy clouds floating by without a care reminds me of Multi.

Her smile as she held her straw hat.

That was the last time I saw Multi.

She said goodbye to me with that smile on her face as we parted ways yesterday.

Thank you for all you have done for me.

That's okay…

I nod, and then…

Are you sure about this? Are you really going home now?

I can't help but say something to stop Multi.

If you go back to the lab now, then you'll no longer…

Despite a shadow of doubt crossing her face, it's immediately replaced with a smile.

Yes, I'm going home.

She answers in no uncertain terms.

Everyone is waiting for me back at the lab. The engineers and…

…

All of my little sisters that will be born in the future.

Multi…

Hiroyuki. I am so deeply grateful for all of the fun memories you created for me today. I am truly happy that I met you.

…

I want to share these feelings of joy with my little sisters that will eventually be born.

I want them to find their own owners as wonderful as you and experience the happiness that I feel right now.

That's why I'm returning to the lab.

I see.

Hiroyuki. If you ever come across any of my little sisters, please don't hesitate to have a quick chat with them. 

I've fallen so in love with you that I'm sure my sisters will adore you too.

I'll definitely buy one when your little sisters go on sale. They might not have your memories, but they'll have your heart, right?

So let's make new memories like this together when that day comes.

Hiroyuki…

Tears begin to fall from Multi's eyes as she listens to my words.

*sniffle*

For a moment, she looks as if she's going to cry.

But she fights against the urge and smiles once again.

Yes, please do!

She nods enthusiastically.

I really, really, really loved you, Hiroyuki! I loved you more than anybody else, ever!

…I loved you.

Clumsy, silly, scatterbrained…

A scaredy-cat, crybaby, attention-seeker…

Always put her heart into everything and tried so hard…

She was kind to not only humans, but animals and even robots like her.

Getting to know her has made me realize further that humans are empathetic creatures.

We have fun when we see others having fun.

We want to get angry when we see others angry.

We feel sad when we see others looking sad.

When I'm with Multi, I become true to my feelings, find the drive to work hard, and am kinder.

I just know that peace will fill this world when Multi is released as a product and she is sold all around the globe.

Hahaha…

The sky I look up towards becomes flooded by the tears welling up in my eyes.

On my way home that day, a strange man at the park feeding the pigeons calls out to me.

Hey, fancy joining me?

To do what? Feed the pigeons?

I would normally ignore someone like this, but I can't help but give him a proper response.

That's right. Pigeons, or doves, rather…are symbols of peace. We should treasure them.

He says as he hands me one of his two bags of pigeon feed.

With the food now in my hand, I feel obligated to join him and so I scatter the feed around.

Ah, yes. The weather is lovely today. It was a little hit and miss this morning, though.

He says as he sprinkles the feed around.

Uh-huh.

I exchange pleasantries and continue to feed the pigeons too.

The weather's so beautiful that I stepped out from work and am spending some time wandering around outside.

The old man says, speaking in a relaxed manner.

I mean, it's not like I've got anything to do if I go back to work. Everyone's jobs have been taken over by robots.

Robots?

Yes.

He nods.

The latest model of something-or-other. Some really capable robots have been introduced into my company recently. They work really hard. They're efficient, fast, and don't make mistakes.

And to top things off, they don't complain about working overtime. They're the perfect workers. Us human workers will gradually become useless and probably lose our jobs.

The old man guffaws.

The pigeons flock over with every scattering of feed.

But, to tell you the truth, I don't really like robots.

He sighs.

…Why's that?

Well, partially because I'm bitter about them taking my jobs. But more so because they're machines.

The world would become so boring if those heartless piles of metal filled the place, you know?

The sight of them diligently working without a single complaint. That's not my cup of tea.

Noticing that too many pigeons have gathered in one spot, the old man lobs the feed farther away.

Don't you think it'd be better if they at least had somewhat human-like hearts? The kind where you'd want to invite them out for drinks after work.

I think they'd make the bland workplaces we have now at least a bit more fun.

Hearing the old man talk brings back memories of Multi.

I'm sure a place that Multi worked at would be full of energy and fun.

I agree.

I smile and throw some pigeon feed.

But my boss laughed at me when I suggested the same thing recently. They said that robots don't need hearts. They need to be more useful.

They…don't need hearts?

Well, maybe they're right. Robots are merely tools for humans. There really isn't any point to having a human-like robot when it all boils down to it.

I mean, what would be the point of improving a digital watch to the point that it becomes the ultimate analog-style watch? It wouldn't accomplish anything but scratching its maker's creative itch.

…?

I frown, and the old man coughs.

Oh, uh, sorry.

He says.

So what do you think?

The old man asks as he shoves the empty bag of pigeon feed into his pocket.

About what?

Whether or not robots need hearts.

…

What do you think?

…

I think for a moment and then answer.

Of course they'd be better off with them!

I say with a grin.

…

That's right. Akari said the same thing.

That it was fun having Multi around.

It's obviously more fun that way.

…

The old man stares at me for a while.

Yeah, I thought so.

He grins.

And so, some time passes…

I graduate from high school and enroll in the same university as Akari.

The university is slightly out of my league, but Akari and my hard work pays off and we both get accepted.

Multi and Serio were released as Kurusugawa Electronics' latest products about six months ago.

Serio boasts a range of never-before-seen functions, and Multi is popular as an affordable alternative. Both robots are huge hits.

Various versions of the two robots can be found all over town.

They're found working in homes, in offices, and all kinds of places.

But there's one big change made to Multi.

Her little sisters were supposed to be given the same kind heart as the Multi I knew.

Despite looking exactly like her, they aren't the same Multi.

On TV ads or even through the windows of the showrooms where they're being sold-they don't have that same kind smile that she showed me that day.

They're sold as low-cost machines with all unnecessary functions removed from them.

Hiroyuki. If you ever come across any of my little sisters, please don't hesitate to have a quick chat with them. I've fallen so in love with you that I'm sure my sisters will adore you too.

I'll definitely buy one when your little sisters go on sale. They might not have your memories, but they'll have your heart, right? So let's make new memories like this together when that day comes.

Yes!

True to the promise I made that day, I buy one of Multi's little sisters.

Multi…

…

Multi…

*whirrrrrrr*

…Good morning.

Multi. It's me, Hiroyuki. Do you remember me?

…User registration. Mr. Hiroyuki.

Multi…

…Awaiting orders, Mr. Hiroyuki.

Hey, Multi? I bought one of your little sisters, just like I promised I would.

…

I mean, it was pretty tough scrounging up enough cash because I'm a broke student. But a promise is a promise, right?

…

Now I gotta spend the next four years of university life working my butt off to pay my dad back. Aww, man, there goes my happy university years. You better be grateful.

I smile.

Multi…

Yes, Mr. Hiroyuki.

Come on, say something.

…Awaiting orders.

That's not what I mean, Multi.

…

Smile like you used to.

…

Open up to me like you used to.

…

I'll stroke your head the way you like it.

…

Okay?

…Awaiting orders.

…

…Awaiting orders.

…

…Awaiting orders.

…

…Awaiting…

*flomphf*

I try to remind her over and over again.

But Multi never shows me the smile I saw that day.

And then, one day a while after…

*ding-dong*

A package arrives for me.

It's from…

"Kurusugawa Electronics Number Seven Research Development Lab, HM Development Department - Kurusugawa Central Laboratory"

That's what the package says.

I realize it's from the creator of Multi after reading the letter that came with the package.

It's a short letter. Typed up and printed out-very plain and simple.

Thank you very much for purchasing our product, the HM-12 Multi.

This sudden explanation may incite anger from you, but the Multi that has been sent to your home is not a brand-new product.

It is a second-hand model that attended your high school for testing in the past.

We have refurbished it to the best of our abilities, however…

At present, it has been loaded with a dummy version of the software that is packaged in the consumer model. We have included a DVD with her previous data, so please follow the instructions to start her up.

Doing so will bring back the Multi you once knew.

She is our silly little daughter, and we hope you take good care of her.

Head Engineer - Gengoro Nagase

P.S.

It took some time to get this to you because of the work involved in preparing her existing data.

We hope you understand.

P.P.S.

Please complete your user registration as soon as possible.

You will be eligible to receive a range of regular services.

For any issues, please contact user support via the following phone number or email us at…

Before I even finish reading the letter, I pick up the package, race up the stairs, and burst into my room.

Multi, Multi!

I can't contain my excitement and tear the bag to reveal its contents.

Inside is a DVD and…

A straw hat…

It's the same hat that I bought for Multi when we went to the amusement park.

Heh! Thanks Mr. Developer! You sure know how to make a guy happy!

I put the straw hat on, grab the DVD, and sit in front of Multi.

There's a laptop still attached to her for diagnostic purposes, so I insert the DVD into it.

And then, I wait impatiently for it to start up.

The word "Kurusagawa" finally appears on the screen.

I touch the screen with my eager fingers.

The extracted data gets transferred into Multi bit by bit.

When the installation is finally complete, the robot slowly starts to turn on.

*whirrrrrrr*

…

…

…

Multi…?

I cautiously whisper to her.

…

Multi…!

Anxiety floods over me, and I yell out her name.

And then…

Hiroyuki…

Multi…

…I-I got to see you. I got to see you again…

Multi!

Hiroyukiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!

She leaps into my open arms, and I hold her tightly.

Multi, Multi!

Hiroyuki, Hiroyuki!

Giant tears stream down her face.

I-I…I thought I'd never see you again.

Multi clings onto me desperately.

You remember me?!

Yes, of course I do! It all only happened yesterday for me.

I was so lonely without you. I wanted to see that smile of yours.

H-Hiroyuki…

But now we can be together forever. You can stay in this house with me. We'll all have fun together!

O-Okay! I'm so, so happy to hear that!

Tears continue to roll down Multi's cheeks.

Hahaha, you're the same crybaby you were before.

Hiroyuki, Hiroyukiiii!

I chuckle and shed a little tear as I stroke her head.

Multi and I hold each other tightly while we bask in the bright rays of the sun shining through the window.

We savored each other's warmth as the ice melts on our frozen clocks and time begins to slowly pass once again.

My Multi.

That bright smile of hers that can barely be contained now actually belongs to me.

Hiroyuki, I love you!

During third period break…

I spot Multi in the hallway.

Mr. Doggy! Oh, Mr. Doggy. Hello.

Woof!

The weather's lovely today, isn't it?

Woof!

Do you like basking in the sun?

Woof!

Really?

Woof, woof!

Aww, I'd love to join you, but I can't because I have to get to class.

Arooo…

Sh-She's talking to the dog?!

D-Does it actually understand her? Pssh, of course not.

She's probably just guessing based on the dog's reactions.

Man, she really is a pure and honest soul.

Who speaks so politely to a dog?

Wait, I guess both dogs and humans are the same to her in that they're both "living beings" while she's a machine.

It's almost lunch time.

Woof!

Are you hungry?

Woof!

Really? I'm so jealous. I don't get hungry because I can't eat.

Woof, woof!

…What does getting hungry feel like?

Woof!

I'd love to know!

Woof!

Oh, that's right! I gave up my seat to an old lady on the bus this morning, so she gave me a cookie. I can't eat it, so you can have it, Mr. Doggy. Here you go!

Woof!

*munch, munch*

Is it good?

Woof!

Really? I'm so glad.

*munch, munch*

…

Woof!

Sorry, I don't have any more.

Woof!

Was it really that good?

Woof!

Okay, if I get something again, I'll bring it to you.

Woof!

…

…

…Hey, Mr. Doggy?

Woof!

What does it feel like to eat something delicious?

Arooo…

I'm so jealous of you, Mr. Doggy.

Woof, woof!

She doesn't understand what it's like to eat something delicious, huh.

…

What does it feel like to be a robot?

How do they feel when they watch us humans?

…

How stupid of me.

Robots just behave how they're programmed to. They don't have feelings.

It's not like they even have hearts to begin with…

…

But…I feel like Multi does have one…

By the way, Mr. Doggy.

Woof!

Heeey! Multi!

Hm?

Multi hears my voice and looks at me.

Woof!

At the same time, the dirty dog also runs over to me.

Oh, Hiroyuki! Hello!

Hey! You're as bubbly as ever today.

Yes! Full of energy today and every day!

I continue to have a casual chat with Multi until a minute before the bell rings.

Multi is her usual self. Always bright, honest, and positive. A really upstanding individual.

It's lunch time.

I go to the library.

There aren't many places around the school as perfect for an afternoon nap as the library.

It's quiet, with good AC and heating, and lots of seats.

I often line up a few seats and sleep on them.

There's still 40 minutes left of break time.

Alright, I think I'll take a little nap.

I head over to the back of the library which doesn't see a lot of foot traffic.

Oh. Is that you, Multi?

Multi is there sitting in a seat.

There's a laptop on the desk in front of her.

Her eyes are shut and she remains still while still gripping the mouse.

Did she fall asleep there…?

…

Nah, there's no way she'd nod off.

She's a robot.

It would be more accurate to say that her battery's flat.

Yeah.

I look at her screen.

"Battery charging. Please do not unplug."

Battery charging?

There's a horizontal bar on the screen showing the progress.

Oh, it went up a bit.

…

Huh, interesting.

So she comes here at lunch time to charge her battery.

There's a cord attached to her neck and plugged into the power socket.

Her hand is disconnected and there's a cable from the laptop connecting to her wrist.

She must be transferring data through this.

Is this where she draws electricity?

…

Hmmm…

Seeing her like that makes the fact that she's a robot really hit home.

Her machinery is completely exposed through her wrist.

I normally can't tell her apart from other humans, so I had my doubts as to whether or not she really was a robot. 

But seeing this sight washes away all of those doubts.

Oh, the bar on her screen moved forward a bit again.

…

Where does her consciousness go when she's switched off?

I'm genuinely curious.

Maybe she's asleep, just like us.

Then she might have dreams too… Nah, that's a stretch.

Heeey, Multi.

I try to call out to her.

…

But there's no response.

Multi, Multi.

…

Multiiii…

*pat, pat*

I lightly slap her cheeks.

…

No response.

*squish*

I pinch them.

…

No response.

Hmmm…

She really is asleep-I mean, her power's off.

For a robot, she sure is warm and has really soft cheeks.

*squish, squish*

Such fine craftsmanship.

I think to myself as I pinch her cheeks.

I wonder what material they used for her skin.

Hmm, it's all a mystery.

Another question born out of genuine curiosity.

It gets the intellectual curiosity dormant inside of me stirring.

Alright.

Let's study the material used to make Multi's skin now.

Starting with touch.

My fingers rub her cheeks.

I touch her cheeks again.

Hmm, they're soft.

Delicate and pillowy, like the skin of a baby.

Now then.

I poke her cheeks with my finger.

*boop, boop*

Bouncy, yet it has some give.

Hmm, I approve. Wait, what does it matter if I approve?

This really is impressive.

I can see what they mean by her being as human as possible.

What are her lips like?

Are they made of the same material as the rest of her?

*squish, squish*

Hmm.

Soft and bouncy. This feels different from her cheeks.

Another fine piece of craftsmanship.

I can tell just how passionate her creator was to get her just right.

But, hmm.

I wasn't expecting her to be so realistic. This is really high quality.

It's as if she was made with the forethought that someone would be touching her like this.

Alright.

Well, if that's what her creator wants, then that's what I'll do!

I cup her cheeks with both of my hands and then…

*smush*

Pushed them both together.

D-Did I just…give her a fish face?!

Then, I decide to pinch and pull her cheeks apart…

*squish*

Ooh, n-now she's a hamster!

Sh-She's a robot, yet she's capable of pulling faces… Wow.

Um, what are you doing?

Oh, nothing. I was just admiring the technological advances in modern robotic engineering… Hang on.

She wakes up without me realizing it and is staring into my eyes.

H-Hiya.

Huh? Hiroyuki?

Multi pulls out the cables connecting to her and then stands up with a long and confused look on her face.

Something up?

What are you doing sitting in front of me? I was in the middle of charging myself…

O-Oh, uh. Heh. You looked cute while you were asleep.

What?

I actually came here to take a nap myself, but I found you here first. When I looked more closely, I noticed you were charging your battery, so I just kept watching the whole time.

Um, the whole time?

Yup. I was watching the whoooole time. I got the urge to mess with your face.

…

Hm? Something up?

…

Um, Multi?

…

Err, Multi?

…

Paging Multi?

…

Earth to Multiiiiiiii?

…

H-Hey, M-Multi?!

*WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSH*

Ack!

An intense blast of hot steam shoots out from Multi, and then…

*fwoop*

She sways to the side.

*fwomp*

And collapses to the floor.

M-MULTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!

I run over to Multi slumped onto the floor and lift her shoulders up.

M-Multi! Multi!

*slap, slap*

She's hot.

Her cheeks are burning red almost as if she has a fever, if she were human, that is.

Multi! Multi! Wake up!

*flomph, flomph*

*slap, slap*

I shake her shoulders as I slap her cheeks.

MULTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!

C'mon, Multi. Don't scare me like that.

Sorry.

Did you overheat or something?

…

Geez, you just suddenly collapsed.

…

What's wrong? You still don't feel right?

N-No… I'm okay…

Oh, okay. Good.

…

Actually, there's something I wanted to ask you.

Yes, what is it?

Charging your battery for you is equivalent to sleeping for a human, right?

Yes, that's correct. My body undergoes a diagnostic check while I'm asleep.

About that. Do robots 'dream' or do something similar?

Hm? Dream…?

Yeah, dream. Do you see weird moving pictures when you're asleep?

The age-old question-do robots dream?

Logically, you would expect them not to dream.

Because they don't have a brain for dreaming.

We do have dreams.

But Multi's answer is clear and unexpected.

Really? Even though you're a robot?

Yes. Robots dream too.

Multi smiles and nods.

Our bodies may be asleep, but the CPUs in our heads aren't and continue to function.

We have a number of CPUs that take turns operating and resting to check their status and organize our memories. That's when we dream.

Interesting. So what kind of dreams do you have? Are they dreams about electric sheep jumping over fences?

Hmm, I have all kinds of dreams. In particular, I often dream about new experiences I've had. The dreams are apparently the product of my memories being organized and stored inside my head.

Huh. So what were you dreaming about just now?

Oh, just now?

Yeah, just now.

Just now…

Hm?

…

Hurry up and tell me already.

Actually, I'd rather keep it a secret.

Aw, what?!

The student store becomes a tiny battlefield at lunch time.

Bloodthirsty savages with bloodshot eyes attack like a swarm unleashed to be the first to feast on the delicious sandwiches.

Masashi and I successfully procure the goods in question just before the onslaught begins.

Man, the battle for food is rough.

I watch the brutal battle unfold before me as I take a bite of a pork cutlet sandwich that the savages are longing so desperately for.

A winner with his spoils just sitting back and enjoying the show, eh?

Masashi has also gotten his hands on the sandwich he was after.

The battle intensifies and rages on.

Freshman, juniors, and seniors. Guys and girls. It doesn't matter on this battlefield.

Snarling barbarians wade through swarms of people to grab their sandwiches of choice.

They really should've planned their course of attack better.

A relaxed smile spreads across my face as I feign exasperation.

As I ball up the wrapper of my pork cutlet sandwich and throw it in the trash can…

E-Excuse meee! I'd like two pork cutlet sandwiches, one curry bun, one yakisoba roll and…

I hear a familiar voice amongst the raging battlefield.

Um, one cream bun, two, uhh…sausage rolls, and… GAH!

And who gets launched out from the bloodfest? Multi, that's who.

Not letting the knockback discourage her, she reaffirms her resolve and leaps back into the crowd.

T-Two sausage rolls, one jam bun, and a bear plushie!

Go do your shopping at a department store!

Huh? Wh-What?!

Multi gets a chilly reception from the lady at the student store.

There's no point in reading out your little list! You grab it first and it's yours! Those are the rules here!

O-Okay! Understood!

Even their little back-and-forth gets stamped out by the uproar of the raging battle.

Looks like Multi's been turned into an errand girl.

Um… This one, this one, this one, and…

*whump*

Aah<rep rep_sweat>

Multi gets bumped and is thrown out of the swarm again.

Aww…

Yet she refuses to give up and wriggles back into the battle.

Um, uhh… This one, this one, this one, this one, and…

*whump*

Aah<rep rep_sweat>

*whump*

Gahhh<rep rep_sweat>

*whump*

Wahhh<rep rep_sweat>

Aww, I-I can't get the sandwiches<rep rep_sweat>

Tch. Guess a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.

I can't watch this any longer.

Hey, Multi.

Aww… Hiroyuki…

C'mon, gimme that list.

Oh…

I take the list of orders out of Multi's hand.

Let's see. Pork cutlet sandwich, curry bun, and…A bear plushie? Who's the wise guy who added this?!Writing whatever they want like it's their family shopping list. Jerks. Listen, Multi,how many things have you bought already?

Just this…

You haven't even gotten half of what's on this list. Ugh, fine. I'll do the rest.

Aww… Hiroyuki…

I burst into the raging battle and gather the remaining buns and sandwiches, albeit somewhat forcefully.

Ma'am! I'm getting all of this and the stuff she has too.

Sure, that comes to…2,450 yen!

Hey, Multi! The money! Give me the moneeeeey!

R-Right!

*jingle, jangle*

One, two, three… Yep, that's perfect.

I grab Multi and escape from the swarm of savages.

Th-Thank you sooooooo much! I managed to get all of the buns and sandwiches thanks to you!

She bows so deeply that her forehead is practically touching her knees.

I was so close to giving up… Now I can head back to my classmates without any fear!

Listen, Multi… Are your classmates forcing you to be their lackey?

Lackey?

Someone who's forced to run errands-just like you right now. It's what they call people who are taken advantage of like that.

But, I'm a Robomaid, so it only makes sense for me to be of use to everyone.

Well yeah, but… Ugh, Robomaids are such people-pleasers. Have you been programmed to never go against a human's orders?

No, I'm not programmed to do anything.

Then why would you put yourself through such an ordeal to work for others? Don't you think it's ridiculous?

A smile spreads across Multi's face.

I love working and, more importantly, I love seeing looks of joy on people's faces. Seeing others happy makes me extremely happy.

…

Honestly, I feel some feelings myself when I see Multi's smile.

I was completely under the impression that Multi worked for humans because she's a Robomaid.

I assumed that it was a given that robots worked for humans, so they did so without a single complaint.

But it looks like these assumptions were wrong.

Multi doesn't work because she's a Robomaid.

She works with such a bright smile on her face because she loves humans from the bottom of her heart and genuinely wants to be of use to them.

…I could never do anything like that.

Thank you very much for helping me again. You always do so much for me that I don't know how to even thank you…

It's really no big deal. Don't mention it. More importantly, you're heading back to your classroom now, right? I'll carry half of all that since it's way too much for one person.

I-I couldn't possibly trouble you to do that!

It's totally fine. I don't mind. I've already come this far so at least let me see this out to the end.

Thank you…

Okay, let's go.

Oh, Hiroyuki.

Hm? What's up?

Um, well…

Well what?

I had to buy drinks too!

WHAT THE HEEEEEECK?!

It's fifth period break.

Multiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!

Hm?

Over here!

Oh, Hiroyuki.

Do you have a minute?

Sorry?

I have a question for you.

A question?

Yeah.

I nod.

Something occurred to me last period and it's been bugging me this whole time.

What is it?

It's about your body.

My…body?

Yeah. So, like, you've been made to be as human-like as possible, right?

Yes.

So I'm assuming that even parts that aren't normally visible have been realistically recreated as well.

Yes, probably…

That's where my question comes in.

Yes?

Multi…

Hm?

I whisper.

…What's the situation under there?

…

…

…

…

What?!

I'm dying to know just how human you are, you know?

Uh, b-but…

C'mon, you can tell me.

Well…

C'moooon.

…

Pleeease!

O-Okay. I'm really not supposed to say this without a good reason, but you're the one who's asking, so…

You can tell me, Multi! So what are the mechanics like there?

…Identical to that of a human's.

R-Really?

*nod*

Multi gives a little nod.

M-Multi.

Hm?

I-I wanna see.

What?

I wanna see your you-know-what!

Wh-Wh-Whaaaaa?!

You don't mind, right? C'mooooon!

B-But…

But?

My creator said I mustn't show others…

It's okay. You can trust me.

Yes, but…

Just a quick peek! I won't touch or anything, I swear!

…

Multiiiiiiiiiii!

I look at Multi with puppy eyes.

Multi looks down and thinks long and hard until she eventually begins to mumble.

…Okay. J-Just a little peek…got it?

Awwww yeeeeah! Today's my lucky day! Okay, let's head over to a quiet place away from everybody else…

And then…

HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD UUUUUUUUUUUUUP, YOOOOOOOOU PEEEEEEEEEEERV!

Shiho springs out with a voice that could pierce through even the thickest of eardrums.

What are you forcing this pure, innocent Robomaid into doing?!

Here comes the noisy party-pooper…with immaculate timing, too. Let's go over there, Multi.

Oh, um, okay.

We scurry off.

Hold it right there, you perv!

A-Alright. Lemme see. Quickly now.

Okay. *fwip*

Th-Th-The time has finally come for Multi's secret bitty-bits to be exposed to human eyes…

THERE'LL BE NO SECRET BITTY-BITS FOR ANYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONE!

The mighty Shiho Chop slices through the air!

*thwack*

But I take it without any issue.

H-Huh?!

Okay, wanna go somewhere else, Multi?

Oh, um, sure.

Alright. No one's around. It should be okay here, right?

Y-Yes…

Multi nods weakly.

I-I don't know why, but my heart is racing.

Come, come, come. Hurry up and show me the goods.

And then…!

…One. Of the many heroes that grace these lands…

Wh-Who's there?!

…Two. Leaping across Mount Fuji…

C-Could it be?!

…Three. It's everyone's favorite idol-Shiho Nagaoka! Thaaaaaat's me!

Hup!

*whoosh*

Sh-She can fly?!

Ta-daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Shiho, the school's super idol is here<rep rep_heart> Now come quietly with me or you'll-huh?!

*silence*

Th-They're gone…?

*rattle, rattle*

This isn't your classroom! What are you doing here?!

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO…

Th-The time's finally come for Multi's secret bitty-bits to all be exposed!

J-Just a little peek, okay?

Y-You betcha!

A-Alright…

*gulp*

HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!

*BLAM*

Ah!

Ooh! I-It's so cute, just like a human would have!

P-Please don't look too closely! I-I'm shy.

DAAAAAAAAAAANG IT! I DIDN'T MAKE IT IN TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIME!

Huh. So you've actually got cute little ears under those covers. There's nothing that needs hiding.

I've been instructed not to take them off in front of humans.

But now I can sleep soundly. Thanks for that.

…Ears?

*wha-whaaa*

It's lunch time.

I go over to the library again.

I'm not there for my usual nap, but for a different reason this time.

It's to see Multi charging her battery.

Multi is in an empty corner of the library, quietly asleep as she charges her battery.

She's a robot, yet she sleeps.

And she has dreams.

I wonder what kind of dream she's having right now.

I gently stroke Multi's head.

…Sweet dreams.

I whisper to her, and then…

Hiroyuki…

She suddenly says my name.

Huh?

I take a closer look at her, but she's still asleep.

The progress bar on her screen is still only at 58%.

There's no way she's awake.

Does that mean…she was muttering in her sleep just now?

…

Multi has a look of joy on her face as she sleeps.

Maybe she's having a dream with me in it.

I wonder what's happening in the dream.

I spot a girl with a mop in her hands cleaning in front of the freshmens' hallway.

A girl with large ear covers on her head.

It's clearly a certain Robomaid I know-Multi.

She's working hard mopping the floors.

Hey, Multi.

I call out to her.

Oh, Hiroyuki.

She looks at my face, beams, and then jogs over to me.

Are you on your way home?

She smiles.

Sure am. You haven't finished cleaning yet?

Not yet.

I admire your hard work. Where are the others? I don't see anyone else around.

There isn't anyone else around.

There isn't?

No. They all seemed busy and left before me.

They left…

What the hell?

They heap all the cleaning onto her because she's a robot?

She's too kind for her own good.

A. Guess I'll help you out.

B. Good luck with that.

If she cleans every nook and cranny of his huge hallway on her own then the sun will set before she knows it.

Guess I'll help her out.

Hey, Multi. Gimme a mop too.

I stick my hand out.

What?

I'll give you a hand.

You'll give me a hand? You mean with the cleaning?

Yeah. We'll get the job done faster if we work together, right?

Oh, yes. Let's do this together.

I take the mop from Multi and dunk it into the bucket of water.

I push down on the pedal with my foot and squeeze the mop through the rollers.

That should do it.

What have you been assigned to clean?

From here…

Multi scuttles down the hallway to about 16 yards away from where I am.

To here!

She smiles and waves.

Yipes, that's a lot of floor to mop.

But I've already finished this half, so there's only that half left to do.

She says, gesticulating wildly to emphasize what's left.

That brings me a little relief.

Alright then. Let's get into this.

I plop the mop head onto the floor.

Time to get started.

HIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

I put my weight behind the mop and push it down the hallway.

*slop, slop, slop, slop, slop*

W-Wow, you're so full of energy!

Uh-huh. You gotta be really motivated when you clean. Loafin' around ain't gonna get these floors sparklin'!

I see.

C'mon, Multi! Put your back into it, just like me! We'll get this done in a flash!

O-Okay!

Okay, follow my lead!

Got it!

DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

HRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHH!

HRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHH!

YAHYAHYAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

YAHYAHYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

HIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

HIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

MRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

MRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

*wheeze, wheeze*

*huff, huff*

S-See, Multi? Over in a flash.

Y-Yes. That was incredible. We really did finish in no time.

*wheeze, wheeze*

*huff, huff*

I-I'm totally outta breath…

M-My motor is burning up.

We both place our hands on our knees and wheeze with exhaustion for a while.

…That was kinda tough, huh.

No, not at all. I had lots of fun. Who knew that cleaning with company would be so much fun?. I definitely didn't!

Multi grins.

Yeah?

I can't help but smile too.

I didn't know you liked cleaning so much, Hiroyuki. I actually love it too.

What? Me? Like cleaning?

Yes.

Whoa, whoa, easy there buddy.

No way in heck. I don't like cleaning. It's nothing but a pain in the butt.

Really? I just assumed you did because you suggested that we clean together…

…

After I pick my jaw up from the ground…

Listen, Multi…

I say, sighing.

I wasn't cleaning with you because I like cleaning. I did it to give you a hand because it seemed like you were having a tough time.

What? You were helping me?

Multi seems confused.

Yeah.

I nod.

Th-Then I've gone and caused more trouble for you again?

Trouble? No, not at all…

And then…

I-I'm sooooooooooo sorryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!

Multi takes in a deep breath and opens her eyes up wide for an extended apology.

Wh-Whoa, what?

A-As a robot, I should be the one helping you! N-Now I've caused you trouble two whole tiiiiiiiiiiiimes!

Multi says as she bows profusely to apologize.

Easy now, you're overreacting. It's fine. I helped you because I wanted to.

B-But…

Consider it a lucky coincidence that I happened to walk past when I did.

Hiroyuki…

Okay, now let's pack up and call it a day.

I splosh the mop back into the bucket.

Aww, thank you so much.

Hey, Multi?

From the moment we first met, you've always been so kind to me.

Me? Kind?

Yes.

Multi nods emphatically.

Well…

A. Am I really?

B. It depends on the person.

C. Nah, I'm bad to the bone.

Huh, that looks tough… Well, good luck with that!

I say as I slap her on the shoulder.

Thanks! I'll give it all I've got!

Multi says, responding with gusto as she returns to cleaning.

She continues fervently mopping the floor.

She's a robot, so she probably doesn't get tired.

Hmm, Robomaids sure are handy.

I wish my folks would get one for our home too.

Am I really?

Yes.

I guess sometimes I'm surprised at how nice I can be too.

But hearing that straight up from someone as genuine as her is enough to make even me blush.

I guess there's an innate goodness in me that comes out, or something like that, heh…

I say as I scratch my nose.

Hmm, I think it depends on the person.

Hm?

Like, I can't help but want to be nice to a good and genuine girl like you.

A good girl? M-Me?

Yeah, you're a really good girl. C'mere. There, there. 'Atta girl.

I stroke Multi's head.

H-Hiroyuki…

Multi blushes.

Nah, I'm actually bad to the bone.

What?

Multi smiles awkwardly.

I'm a real dirtbag who pretends to be nice to get a girl's attention. I'm as bad as they come. I keep the girls who've fallen for me on the side while I go out hunting for others. I don't even care.

Hm?

I'm a bad guy, okay?

Gosh, you're always full of jokes.

No, I'm being serious…

Ah well.

You're the kindest person I've ever met. From my birth until now, I've never met anyone kinder.

S-Stop that. Besides, when were you even born?

About two weeks ago.

What the heck? You're still a newborn then!

Yes. Fresh off the line.

So you're still basically a baby.

Um, maybe, I guess.

I go down to the first floor and see a girl with a mop in her hands cleaning the hallway.

It's Multi the robot. She has sweat on her brow as she cleans with all her heart.

*huff, huff*

Multi huffs and puffs, scrubbing the floors.

Robot or not, the sight of her focused and cleaning diligently is satisfying to watch from afar.

She sighs and appears to take a break, so I approach her.

Hey, Multi!

Oh, Hiroyuki. Hi!

She grins.

Hard at work again, eh. I'm really impressed.

I love cleaning!

You love it? You're such an oddball.

…Or maybe not.

She's a helper robot, so of course she was made for that purpose.

Anyway, cleaning's a good task to be devoting yourself to. Keep up the good work.

I will and thank you. I'll scrub the floors so hard that they shine and make everyone happy!

Now that's what I call motivated!

I smile.

Then, I…

A. Talk up a storm with Multi.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Hey, Multi?

Yes, what is it?

I'm no expert on robots, but is it normal for them to lose their breath and sweat?

I'm not too sure about other robots, but I do because I've been created to be as human-like as possible.

Hmmmm…

As human-like as possible, eh?

It's true that she's almost identical to a human without those ear covers on her.

I sometimes have doubts about whether she's really a robot or not.

…

Now I'm getting even more curious.

I decide to ask Multi a question.

A. What's your source of energy?

B. What kind of computer is installed in you?

C. What's the deal with your eyes and ears?

Anyway, I'm heading home now. Catch ya later.

Sure. See you.

Multi smiles and waves as I leave.

I suddenly have a spike in curiosity about Multi's source of power.

Robomaids generally run on batteries, I think.

But she's supposed to be the latest model, so maybe she's powered by something else.

I'll ask her about that.

Hey, Multi?

Yes?

What are you powered by?

My source of power?

Yeah.

Electricity.

Multi answers.

Huh, well that was anticlimactic.

Of course that's what she's powered by.

It's not like a robot eats to draw energy.

So if electricity powers you, does that mean you're fitted with a battery?

Yes. It's something called a 'lithium battery,' apparently

Lithium…?

Yes, it's a more powerful version of the ones used in cellphones and stuff like that.

Do you sometimes change it?

No, I charge it. About as often as a human would eat.

Huh. So if you don't charge yourself in time then you'll stop?

I can manage for a while… Um, I've got something called a secondary fuel cell which lets me generate some of my own power, apparently.

A fuel cell?

Another doo-dad I've never heard of.

I don't quite understand it myself, but I think it produces electricity by combining hydrogen? And um, oxygen? To create some kind of reaction…apparently.

Hydrogen and oxygen to produce electricity?

Uhhh, I think it's something called the electrolysis of water…?

Ohhh, I learned about that in middle school. Something about water splitting into hydrogen and oxygen when you put an electric current into it.

Yes, that's the one! My fuel cell does the opposite. It makes hydrogen react with oxygen to create electricity and water.

…Interesting. So you've got hydrogen and oxygen inside of you?

No, just hydrogen. There's plenty of oxygen around us.

And that's the source of fuel for your fuel cell then.

It generates supplementary power when my battery runs out or I do any form of vigorous exercise, apparently.

The fact that she adds "apparently" to the end of everything must mean that she really doesn't know for sure herself either.

Hey, so you said that you produce both electricity and water, right? What happens to the water?

Oh, that? It comes out in the form of sweat and…

And?

And, uh, I-I go to the toilet…

Oh, r-right.

She's so human-like, even to the oddest of details.

Multi communicates with such ease.

I'm sure she's fitted with some kind of really high-spec computer.

What kind of computer do you have installed in you? It's something super buffed up, right?

I ask.

A PNNC-205J, apparently.

Is that the name of your computer?

Yes. Uhhh, I think it's called a 'Super Parallel Computing Algorithmic Neural Network Computer,' or something like that.

Multi says clumsily.

A what now?

S-Simply put, it's a computer made of lots of smaller computers that are connected and work together.

I see.

She explains it in a way that I finally understand.

Um, and since there are a lot of computers within the computer, I'm able to perform various processes efficiently all at once, apparently. It doesn't quite feel that way to me, though…

Multi doesn't seem to really understand herself and gives me a vague explanation.

Is she right or wrong? The jury's still out on that…way out.

Anyway, so you're fitted with a really impressive computer then. As expected of the latest model! You must perform really well thanks to it too.

I should, but I'm clumsy, awkward, bad at math, and have no athletic sense at all… I don't know why…

It's proof of how human-like you are. You won't find many humans who are perfect at everything.

I smile awkwardly as I try to reassure her.

I mess up so often at everything that my goal is to work hard to make up for those shortcomings.

I want to be a robot that the engineers who made me love.

Yeah?

I soften my gaze and smile.

Okay, then keep up the good work.

I will! So if there is anything you need, please don't hesitate to ask me!

For sure. I'll totally be counting on you whenever I need a helping hand.

Sure!

Multi says with a bright smile.

Yeah.

Multi will become a Robomaid that everyone will love.

…I just know it.

What's the deal with your eyes and ears?

You're the newest model, so I'm guessing you've got super-high-performance sensors, can see a mile away, and can hear all the sounds around the school, right?

…No. Unfortunately, they're not that great at all. They probably work at the same level as yours, Hiroyuki.

The same as mine?

Yes. My eyes are fitted with high-sensitivity CCD cameras, which are excellent, but they don't have zoom capabilities-so I can't read what's written on that poster over there.

Multi points to a poster about eight yards away.

The letters are so small that I can't read it either.

…So average, then.

Yes. My hearing is probably about the same as yours too.

You can't hear my heart beat?

…No.

So you're saying that both your eyes and ears function to the level of the average human.

Yes.

It's better that way, don't you think?

Why do you say that?

Because if you had really nerfed sensors then you'd be able to see through anything. That wouldn't be fun for you.

Oh, that's true.

An owner wouldn't want to have a Robomaid who knows all their secrets.

Great point!

Multi grins.

Sorry about the sudden questions.

Not at all. As a robot, I should be able to tell you all about my specs in clear detail, but I'm not the greatest at remembering complex concepts…

It would make sense for a human, but the fact that Multi has concepts that she finds easy or difficult to remember sure makes her an odd robot.

Maybe she really has been manufactured to be as human-like as possible in that respect too.

Sorry for the explanation pulled from my hazy memory.

It was easy to understand, though.

Really?

Uh-huh. I feel like I understand a thing or two about Robomaids now.

But I'm a particularly odd outlier, so other robots may be completely different.

THAT different?

Yes. Other robots can skillfully do far more things than me. I'm useless compared to them…

Hmm, I think you're right about being odd.

…

Because you're way easier to get along with than other robots.

What?

You really are human-like. I forget that you're even a robot when I chat to you like this. You're like a cute freshman girl to me.

Hiroyuki…

Multi's cheeks turn bright red.

Her blushing is so natural and human-like.

Anyway, I'm gonna go home now.

Oh, okay.

Sorry for interrupting you in the middle of your task. Keep up the good work cleaning.

Thank you. I will!

Multi smiles and waves as I leave.

She really doesn't seem like a robot at all.

I notice a girl in the hallway with a rag in her hand cleaning the windows with all her might.

It's Multi, the Robomaid.

She's cleaning on her own today.

I'll bet she's being taken advantage of again by her classmates.

I'm practically standing next to her, but Multi doesn't seem to notice me.

So then, I…

A. Scared her with a "boo!"

B. Called out to her and then left.

She isn't paying attention at all. I can't resist the urge to surprise her.

I creep up on her and get right behind her.

Yet Multi is still unaware I'm there.

Lalalaaaaa, ladidadaaaaaa, lalalalalaaaaaa.

She hums as she wipes the windows. How does she find any fun in this?

It's a song I've heard before.

Lalaaalalaaaa, lalaaaalalaaaa, lalalalalaladidaaaaaa.

Multi breathes a puff of hot air onto the window and wipes it squeaky clean, enjoying herself along the way.

I take in a deep breath to fill up my lungs and then…

BOO!

I yell and push her from behind.

And then…

…

Bzzzzzzzzzz… *flomp*

Multi loses consciousness and collapses onto the floor.

U-Uhhh…

I stare at her in disbelief for a while before looking around sheepishly.

There aren't any students around to see what's happened.

I shift my gaze back down towards my feet.

Multi is flat on her back and completely still.

H-Hey, seriously now…?

I mutter as I crouch down.

M-Multi.

I poke her cheek with my finger.

Her head slumps to the side at a 90-degree angle and her bangs feather down.

H-Hey, Multi? You're just playing with me, right?

…

But no response.

Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap.

Is she seriously broken?!

M-Multi! Multi!

I lift her up by her slender shoulders.

Multi is so light that I find it hard to believe that she's really a machine.

She's soft and warm.

Practically human.

Hey, Multi! Come back to me!

*slap, slap*

I slap her cheeks.

Her cheeks are soft and warm-exactly like you'd expect on a human.

Multi! Come on, Multi!

*slap, slap* *slap, slap*

…

But still, no response.

Hey, Multi! Multi!

I shake her shoulders violently.

…

Not even the slightest peep.

Just like a corpse.

Hey, this isn't the time to be joking around!

Is this because I scared her? Did I do this? It's my fault, isn't it?

Multiiiiii! Wake uuuuuuuuuuuup!

*slap, slap, slap, slap, slap*

Come on! It was just a little jump scare!

I'll bet I just tripped her breaker or she blew a fuse.

Either way, she's got some durability issues.

Hey, Multi! Wake up!

*slap, slap, slap, slap, slap*

…

Has she got some kind of breaker switch on her somewhere?

Like on her ears or maybe her neck?

I feel around for a switch.

…

Nothing.

Argh!

Who am I supposed to seek out in a situation like this?!

Maybe I should just take her to the infirmary.

No wait, I should contact a technician from her manufacturer…

As I rack my brains to find a solution…

*whirrrrrrr*

I hear a mechanical buzz and then see Multi slowly open her eyes.

M-Mmmphf…

She blinks a few times.

Multi?

…Oh, Hiroyuki.

Her eyes seem to restore their focus, as she starts to mumble my name in a sleepy daze.

I breathe a sigh of relief.

Geez, don't you 'Hiroyuki' me. You scared the crap out of me.

I say in exasperation with a sheepish smile on my face.

What happened to me?

Multi doesn't appear to be completely alert yet. She slowly gets up and mumbles hazily.

I remember…wiping the windows…then suddenly…

So then I say…

A. Sorry. My bad.

B. Well? Did I scare you?

C. You're such a little coward.

Sorry. My bad.

I apologize to her.

I was only trying to give you a little scare, but I didn't think you would get so startled.

…Did…I lose consciousness?

Yeah. I thought you were broken or something. I was freaking out.

Sorry. It looks as though I've caused you trouble…

Multi apologizes in earnest, despite being the victim.

Anyway, are you okay? You're not broken?

Yes, I'm completely fine. I just had a tripped circuit breaker.

So it was your breaker.

Yes. My creator installed a circuit breaker for safety purposes in the event of unexpected spikes in resource load.

Huh. Isn't it a bit on the sensitive side? You should probably get that thing tweaked.

Yes, it does seem that way…

In any case, now I know that she can blackout pretty easily. I'll make sure not to scare her too much from now on.

Well? Did I scare you?

I say with a cheeky grin.

Y-Yes, obviously. I was so scared that my circuit breaker got tripped.

Oh, so it was your breaker then.

Yes. My creator installed a circuit breaker for safety purposes in the event of unexpected spikes in resource load, like what happened earlier.

I see.

Which means that Multi makes for a pretty fun robot to scare.

Huh. Hey, Multi?

Yes?

Say…

Yes?

…Boo!

Eep<rep rep_sweat>

I'm not feeling deterred, so I scare her again.

While she doesn't pass out this time, she still jumps in surprise.

A-Aww. P-Please stop scaring meeeee<rep rep_sweat>

Bahahaha! Okay, okay. I won't do it again. I promise.

Awww…

Geez, you're such a little coward.

S-Sorry…

Who would seriously pass out from a little scare like that?

Aww… My creator installed a circuit breaker for safety purposes in the event of unexpected spikes in resource load.

So you blacked out because your breaker got tripped, huh.

Yes.

Well, at least now I know.

What?

I know that you're a total coward.

…

Since you're a big ol' scaredy pants, I guess I won't ever scare you again. Sorry about that.

I ruffle Multi's hair.

H-Hiroyuki…

After a little while, a sudden look of realization descended on Multi's face.

Oh, that's right! I was in the middle of cleaning.

She picks up the rag at her feet.

Alright. Then I'll give you a hand.

What?! I-I couldn't possibly ask you to do that!

It's to make up for making you black out… Wait, that's kinda weird, but that's the reason why you haven't finished cleaning yet. It'll be faster if we work together.

W-Well, yes, but…

And cleaning will be more fun if we do it together.

Oh! Yes, that's true!

And with that, I help Multi to clean the windows.

Hey, Multi.

I call out to her and she turns toward me, smiling upon seeing my face.

Oh, Hiroyuki! Hi!

Hard at work as usual, eh.

Yes!

Keep it up!

I will!

Multi smiles, and I wave at her as I leave.

I spot Multi in the hallway.

She's mopping the floors again.

That girl's always such a hard worker.

She might be a robot, but I'm still really impressed.

I…

A. Call out to her.

B. Walk away.

I decide to call out to her.

But a simple greeting won't be much fun.

I take it upon myself to test out what kind of functions the latest model of Robomaid is fitted with.

Let's test out her search capabilities.

Heeeey, Multiiiii!

Hm?

It's me! Hiroyuki!

I scurry into the adjacent classroom to hide before she looks my way.

Oh, Hiroyuki! Hel-h-huh?!

I chuckle quietly as I hide in the empty classroom.

Hehehe. I'll bet Multi's looking around with googly eyes searching for me frantically.

I'm sure she'll come into this classroom to look for me soon.

Then I'll scare her with a "boo!"

…

Wait. But I'll feel bad if she passes out like last time.

I'll just cover her eyes from behind then.

Anyway, hurry up, Multi! Come on!

…

A minute passes as I stay hidden in silence.

I wait for her in the same spot, but it doesn't seem like she's ever going to come.

Where is she?

Has she given up on looking for me?

I feel like she glanced my way when I called out to her, though.

Maybe she just let it slide and went back to cleaning.

That'd make me the biggest doofus around for hiding here all this time then.

…

I slowly peek my head out from the doorway of the classroom.

…

She's not here…?

Forget looking for me, Multi isn't even in the hallway.

Did she finish cleaning and go home?

…Ack.

I was hidden and chuckling to myself that whole time…

Does that make me…an idiot?

Aww, maaaan.

I wasted my time over something really stupid.

With my school bag on my shoulder, I turn to leave when…

…Huh?

I notice a bucket, mop, and other cleaning supplies scattered around.

…Does this mean that Multi's around here somewhere?

I look around.

And then…

…Aww, H-Hiroyukiiiiiii. Where are yoooooou?

I hear a feeble voice from the next classroom down.

That voice…

…Aww, H-Hiroyukiiiiiii. Please come ooooooout!

Multi reappears. She's sniffling and seems to be close to tears.

M-Multi.

H-Hiroyuki!

She sees my face and her eyes widen.

Hiroyukiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!

Multi scurries over to me with tears streaming down her face.

Where were you this whole tiiiiiiiiiiime?! I was looking for yoooou!

Wh-What the heck? You've been looking for me this whole time? And here I was thinking that…

Aww, I could hear your voice, but I couldn't see you…

I-I'm so sorry. Don't cry. Here.

I pull out a tissue from my pocket and wipe Multi's tears.

*sob* Thank you.

I hand Multi a tissue, and she blows her nose with a honk.

Is she really a robot?

*sniffle*

I watch Multi dab at her eyes with the scrunched up tissue and say…

A. You're honestly so clueless.

B. Don't cry over something as small as this.

C. Okay, enough tears!

Yeah.

I've got no real reason to call out to her and interrupt her cleaning duties.

…Good luck, Multi.

I whisper some words of support for her and then leave.

You know what, Multi?

What?

You're honestly so clueless. I was hidden in plain sight and you still couldn't find me?

I-I'm sho shorry…

Multi blows her nose with a honk again.

U-Um, by the way…

Hm?

…Where were you just now?

Are you seriously the latest model?

…Yes, that's what I've been told.

Multi rubs her eyes and nods.

Come on, you shouldn't cry over something like this.

I stroke Multi's head.

Her short stature makes her the perfect height for head rubs.

I-I'm sho shorry… I looked everywhere for you, but I couldn't find you, so then the sadness took over…

Tears well up in her eyes.

Now, now…

I smile wryly as Multi wipes her tears with a tissue.

…Showwy.

Multi blows her nose with a honk again.

Okay, enough tears!

I give her a quick pat on the shoulders.

Right!

Multi responds with gusto.

*sniffle* *sob*

Tears trickle down from Multi's big eyes.

Stop crying!

Okay!

*sniffle* *sob*

What am I gonna do with you?

…I don't think I've ever come across a robot as easily brought to tears as her.

Do other robots even cry at all?

When I see Multi, I almost forget that she's a robot.

Okay, I'll help you clean again to make up for bringing you to tears.

Aww, th-thank you.

*honk*

She cries tears AND has a snotty nose?

I find myself wanting to hit up an arcade, so I head over there only to find a familiar figure facing away from me at the bus stop out front.

A small girl in our school's uniform.

Those distinct ear covers. It's definitely Multi.

I approach her.

Yo, Multi.

Oh, Hiroyuki. Hello!

Multi turns around and smiles.

You waiting for the bus?

Yes.

On your own today? Where's your friend who normally goes home with you?

Serio isn't here yet… Or rather, I got here earlier than we planned to meet. I've still got another 15 minutes to wait.

Multi says as she looks at her watch.

Huh.

Let's see…

A. Invite her to hang out at the arcade.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Then come along with me.

What?

Let's go to the arcade to kill some time.

But Serio…

It's right in front of us. You'll be able to spot her.

Th-That's true…

Alright, then let's go!

Okay.

I take Multi to the arcade.

She looks around wide-eyed and in awe the moment we step inside.

Have you been to an arcade before, Multi?

No, this is my first time. It's so lively and looks like so much fun.

It sure is fun. The latest and greatest in entertainment can be found all under this one roof.

Wow…

Multi's eyes sparkle like a child's.

What's that?

It's a medal game. You buy medals with money and try to increase the number of medals you have.

I see… And what's that?

It's a player versus player fighting game. See how there are two gaming cabinets back-to-back? It's so that players can go up against one another.

I see… And what's that?

It's a jet-ski game. The machine you ride on moves around.

And what's that?!

Multi is referring to the air-hockey table.

That's air hockey. Do you know what real-life hockey is?

Oh, yes. More or less.

I guess you could call it a miniature version of that. You put money in and then air sprays up from the table…

…

What? Do you wanna give it a try?

Yes! Um, but I don't have any money.

I can cover you. Go on. Stand at the other side.

O-Okay! Thank you!

We stand on each end of the table, facing each other.

Alright, so hold your pusher like this and hit the puck with it. You get points for slotting it into your opponent's goal.

Okay, got it!

Here we go then!

I insert two 100-yen coins into the machine.

The puck drops out with a clunk. I pick it up and place it on the table.

I decide to…

A. Hit it to win!

B. Hit it with average strength.

C. Hit it with less power than usual.

I was just on my way to stop by the arcade.

Oh, really?

See you. Be careful on your way home.

I will. Bye.

Multi smiles and waves as I leave to head into the arcade.

I spend my coins on a few games to pass the time and then go home.

I whack the puck as hard as I can!

*CLONK*

The puck shoots straight ahead and slams into the back of Multi's goal.

Huh?!

Multi gasps in utter confusion.

She stands there with pusher in hand, frozen in shock.

C'mon now, your goal's wide open!

I'm pretty serious about winning.

Playing air hockey without holding back is a show of respect towards your opponent.

I-It was too fast for me to see<rep rep_sweat>

I'm just getting started. It's your turn now, Multi. Hit it like you really mean it!

O-Okay, I will.

Multi hits the puck.

…Or rather, pushes it.

It lazily slides over to me.

You ain't gonna score goals like that!

*THWONK*

*CLONK*

Goooal!

Awww…<rep rep_sweat>

*plap*

The puck weakly slides over.

You need to put more power behind it!

*THWONK*

*CLONK*

Goooal!

Awww…<rep rep_sweat>

…In the end, Multi doesn't manage to score a single goal against me.

What was that? You here to win or not?

…Aww, I'm sorry. It looks like my athletic capabilities are on the extremely low side.

Looks like it.

Gah…

I hit the puck with average force.

It slides across the table and right into Multi's goal.

After a bit of a delay, Multi swings at nothing.

C'mon, that's too slow.

I-I'm sorry. My intention was to hit it back to you but I didn't time it right…

Hahaha, your hand-eye coordination needs some work, eh.

Now it's my turn to hit it to you, right?

Give me your best shot!

Multi hits the puck.

…Or rather, pushes it.

It lazily slides over to me.

…Uh, what?

In the end, Multi doesn't manage to score a single goal against me.

You're pretty uncoordinated, huh, Multi.

Aww, I'm sorry. I'm not the greatest at swift movements…

Okay, here I goooo!

I lightly hit the puck.

It slowly slides over.

U-Uhhh…

Multi awkwardly reacts to the slow-moving puck.

She hits it back even slower than I'd hit it before.

It slowly approaches me.

…

Is she hitting it properly?

I wonder as I hit the puck back to her again.

T-Take that<rep rep_sweat>

*plap*

In a panic, Multi desperately hits the puck back, and it lazily slides over once again.

*plap*

*wobble, wobble*

*plap*

*wobble, wobble*

That was so exciting! I had a lot of fun. How was it for you?

Y-Yeah, uhhh… good.

I vaguely smile and nod.

Maybe she's designed that way, but Multi seems to have almost zero athletic ability.

We finish our game and leave the arcade just as Multi's robot friend, Serio, arrives.

Oh, Serio!

Sorry to keep you waiting, Multi. Hello, Hiroyuki.

Hey.

Thank you very much for today, Hiroyuki. I had so much fun.

Sure. Let's hang out again sometime.

Yes!

*vrooooom*

Then, the bus arrives.

It opens its doors with a hydraulic hiss.

See you, Hiroyuki.

Okay, bye.

She waves at me with a smile and then hops onto the bus.

Goodbye, Mr. Hiroyuki.

See you.

*vrooooom*

The bus drives away with the two robots on it.

Multi sits at the back of the bus and waves at me with a smile from the window.

I spot Multi at the shoe lockers changing into her regular shoes.

I approach her.

Hey, Multi!

Oh, Hiroyuki. Hi!

Multi responds with her usual bright smile.

Heading home now?

Yes.

Multi nods.

Let's see…

A. Ask to walk home together.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

I'm about to leave too. Do you want to walk home together?

I ask.

Oh, yes, I'd love to.

Multi agrees without hesitation.

Just as we leave the school, she pipes up.

Um, would you like me to hold your shoes for you?

Huh? No, that's fine. You don't have to do that.

I decline her without a second thought.

Okay…

Multi looks sad for some reason.

What's wrong?

…I-It's nothing. Oh! Is there any other way I can be of use to you?

Nah, I'm good.

I see…

…

…

Are you really that eager to be useful to others?

Yes! I'm a Robomaid, so it's my calling in life to be of use to everyone.

Your calling in life, huh…

Are you sure you don't want me to hold your shoes?

Uh, well…

I smile awkwardly.

I appreciate the thought and I know you're a robot, but you're still a girl. I don't feel right letting you hold my shoes…

What?

And it's weird for a student to hold another student's shoes, you know?

I-Is it…?

Yeah.

…But I was created as a robot, and I'm also particularly indebted to you. It may not be much, but I want to help you in any way I can.

That sentiment alone is enough.

*sst, sst*

I stroke Multi's head.

Ah…<rep rep_sweat>

Multi's cheeks turn bright red in an instant.

We walk together up the hill draped in the warm, almost hot, rays of sunlight.

I glance over at Multi and notice that she's doing her best to keep up with my pace.

I chuckle, and just as I'm about to slow down for her…

Ah!

Multi trips.

Watch out!

*fwomphf*

I reach out and catch Multi right before she falls.

S-Sorry! I-I'm always so clumsy…

Seriously, what did you even trip on? We can't have you hurting yourself now.

Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I'm actually more heavy-duty than I appear.

That wasn't exactly what I was getting at…

I'm very sorry for causing you concern.

You should be more careful from now on.

Yes, I will-ah!

H-Hey!

*fwomphf*

I reach out quickly and, once again, catch Multi right before she falls.

C'mon now, get a hold of yourself.

I-I'm sorry. You literally just told me to watch out, and I did it again…

I-I guess today's just one of those days.

Aww, why am I… Why am I…

Don't let it get to you so much. You managed to not fall both times so you're fine.

R-Right…

Anyway, let's go.

Okay…

We pull ourselves together and set off again.

She's so clumsy.

Which means that there's probably another…

Ah!

Right on cue!

*shwoop*

Huh?!

I embrace her just before she loses her balance.

…Whew.

U-Um…

Are you okay, Multi?

Oh, um, wha?

Multi, who I'm cradling in my arms, blinks in confusion.

U-Uh, what exactly happened? How did I end up in this position?

You were about to fall, no?

What? N-No, I wasn't.

But your gasp just now…

Oh, that? It was because I noticed a cat over there.

A c-cat?

Yes.

I look over and there is, indeed, a somewhat dirty, white cat.

Our eyes meet and it quickly scurries away.

Way to confuse me.

S-Sorry…

We set off again.

I match Multi's pace and walk slowly.

The way home is nothing out of the ordinary.

But Multi seems happy.

…

After a bit of walking, I break the silence.

Hey, Multi?

Yes?

Wanna go and hang out somewhere together on your next free day?

I ask her with a smile.

Together? With me?

I don't see anyone else here.

B-But…

We could go to an amusement park and really have a blast until the sun goes down.

H-Hiroyuki…

What do you say?

And then…

Aww, yes! I would absolutely love to!

Multi exclaims, so happy that there are actual tears in her eyes.

But…

In the next instant, she sounds solemn.

But what?

…Tomorrow is my last day at school.

What? S-Seriously?!

Yes. I was only ever scheduled for an eight-day stint at school for testing.

A sad smile spreads across Multi's face.

I can't help but say…

A. I'll miss you…

B. Can't we change that?

C. I see. That's a shame.

Take care on your way home.

I will, thank you! Please take care too, Hiroyuki!

Yeah, see you later.

I smile and wave.

See you tomorrow!

Multi waves back with a happy energy.

I had no idea… I'll really miss you…

I mumble.

Hiroyuki…

Multi sounds sad too.

But I'm happy that you feel that way for me.

Multi grins.

She seems so courageous.

I gotta make sure I see her off tomorrow.

Tomorrow's your last day? No… C-Can't we have a little longer together?

The revelation is so sudden that I can only muster a feeble stutter.

Hiroyuki… I appreciate the sentiment, but this was decided before the test even started. I'm sorry.

…I see.

Yeah.

Of course.

Then…

Then I gotta at least make sure I give her a happy send-off tomorrow.

…I see. That's a shame.

That's right. Multi started attending my school for testing.

I've known from the start that she would eventually leave.

Hiroyuki… I'm sad as well. I wanted to spend more time with you.

…

Wallowing over her leaving isn't going to get me anywhere.

I just gotta suck it up.

I'll make sure to see her off tomorrow with a smile.

Someone calls out to me in the hallway.

Hiroyukiiiiiiii!

Oh.

I turn around to find a beaming Multi.

Hey, Multi.

Hi! Are you on your way home?

Yeah.

I look and see a mop bucket and a mop-her usual cleaning supplies, to one side of the hallway. She must be in the middle of cleaning.

And not a single other student in sight, as usual.

Geez, they're making you clean again? …Hmph, there's only one thing I can do then.

I say, smiling wryly.

No, I'm doing this of my own volition because I love to clean.

Multi says with her usual carefree smile.

…And the thought of today being my last one at this school made me feel as though I had a duty to do so.

Her eyes soften and her smile has a tinge of melancholy to it.

Oh, right…

I think she did mention today being her last day at this school.

A week and some change of functional testing.

That week sure did fly by.

It's her last day, so I…

A. Help her clean.

B. Congratulate her on her work at school and leave.

Since it's her last day, I decide to help her clean.

So that means today's the last day I can help you clean, then.

I grab a mop.

Oh, Hiroyuki… You're going to help me again?

Uh-huh.

I nod.

I can't let you do that. I always feel so bad for making you help me.

Multi looks apologetic.

She has a notion in her head that defines robots as tools for humans. This means that it doesn't feel right to her for a human like me to help a robot like her.

C'mon we're not strangers. This is practically a regular occurrence now.

I smile.

I know, but…

You don't have to be polite. I want to clean for you just like how you clean for everyone else.

For…me?

That's right. You love the fact that your cleaning brings everyone joy, rather than the actual act of cleaning itself, right?

…Right.

The same applies to me. Honestly…I don't really like cleaning, but I want to do something for you.

I splosh the mop into the bucket to try and hide my embarrassment.

F-For me? But I'm just a robot.

You don't like it when I help you?

No, I do! I love it! It makes me so happy!

…Then that means I'm happy and you're happy. We're both happy. Isn't that all that matters?

H-Hiroyuki…

Okay, let's get started.

I splosh the mop head onto the floor.

R-Right! Thank you!

Multi beams with joy.

She mops the floors, pushing her mop more conscientiously than ever.

Her energy is different from that of a student being forced to clean against their will.

It's because she has a clear goal of wanting to make others happy by mopping the floors squeaky clean.

As I gaze across the hallway floor, the portion that Multi is in charge of shines and reflects the sun's rays with a radiance that sets it apart from the rest of the patches.

This is obviously because of the hard work Multi has been putting in over the last week.

I'm taken aback again because I realize that only concerted hard work can produce such a sheen.

*slosh, slosh, slosh, slosh*

As Multi puts her back into mopping, sweat begins to form on her brow, despite the fact that she's a robot.

She focuses on and scours the more stubborn stains.

…

It's bittersweet to think this is the last day I'll see that serious look on her face.

I want to spend more time with her.

Seeing Multi work so hard spurs me on to grip my mop with more strength.

…And so Multi and my final cleaning session together ends and we put the cleaning supplies away.

Hey, Multi?

Yes?

You're just gonna go home after this, right?

Um… I've said my goodbyes to the teachers as well as other people who have looked out for me so…yes, that's right.

Do you want to walk home together today?

What?

I'll walk you to the bus stop.

Oh, okay!

Thank you for taking such good care of me.

Multi bows towards the school.

The school goes quiet earlier on Saturdays than it does on weekdays.

Other than Multi and me, who have been cleaning until late, the only other students around are the ones on the field or in the gym for their school club activities.

I had so much fun in the short time I was here. I will never forget the eight days I spent at this school.

It's a bit of a late…or maybe a really early graduation.

Multi is the only student graduating.

…

She stares at the school with a profound look on her face.

I feel a little sorry for her as I watch her from behind.

She's a robot, yet she has a heart much like me and the other students.

Her smile never leaves her face, but I can sense a hint of loneliness within it.

I wish she could just stay at this school with us forever…

*tap, tap, tap*

Sorry. Thank you for waiting.

Multi says as she runs over to me.

Are you sure you're ready to go?

Yes. I've soldered everything firmly into my memory.

Multi responds with a bright smile.

This is the last day I'll see this smile, huh.

WIIIIITH MUUUUUCH RESPEEEEECT…

Hm?

TO OOOOUR TEEEACHERS WE ARE INDEEEEBT…

…Um, what are you doing?

With Much Respect. You don't know the song?

No…

It's a song we sing at graduation ceremonies across the country.

At…graduation ceremonies?

Yeah. Today's pretty much your graduation ceremony, no?

What?

AAAAND TO THEEE SCHOOOOL GROOUNDS FROM WHIIIICH THEY TEEEACH

*sniffle*

TIIIIIME DOTH PAAAAASS SO QUIIIIICK…

*sniffle* H-Hiroyuki… Thank you so much…

Under the calm rays of the afternoon sun, Multi and I walk down the hill together.

The wind, tinged with the fragrance of early summer, brushes against our cheeks as it passes by.

I ask Multi a meaningless question and she responds with a smile, wiping the remaining tears from her eyes.

We walk slower than normal, yet we still inevitably reach our destination.

Are you going to wait here for Serio again?

Yes.

Multi nods.

Looks like she's not here yet.

Serio's always on time. We just got here a little early.

That means we can talk for a little longer.

We can.

She nods again.

Okay, what should we talk about? Let me think…

Hiroyuki…

Multi begins to speak in a somewhat polite and formal tone.

Yeah?

I am truly sorry for all the trouble I have caused you over this past week.

She bows deeply.

Oh come on now. You haven't caused me any trouble at all. I've had so much fun ever since I met you.

I've had fun too. You saved me from danger and helped me to clean… You've looked after me this whole time without me doing anything in return…

That's not true.

I'm a robot, so I should be the one doing things for you…

I told you, it's totally fine. Don't mention it.

I chuckle awkwardly in embarrassment.

Hiroyuki…

Multi then hangs her head in embarrassment and whispers.

What is it?

If…

If?

If I had some free time to myself, I would've liked to have repaid your kindness. Just for you and not for everyone else.

Multi…

Multi looks at me with her burning, teary eyes and gives me a soft smile.

Thanks, Multi!

I stroke Multi's head.

Oh, H-Hiroyuki…<rep rep_sweat>

Multi, you really are such an honest and kind girl… Good girl.

*sst, sst, sst, sst*

H-Hiroyuki…

*sst, sst, sst, sst*

…

As I stroke her head, Multi cups her reddened cheeks with her hands while her eyes glaze over in bliss.

Look at you. Do you like having your head stroked?

Y-Yes, I do.

Does it make you happy?

Y-Yes, very happy.

Okay, then I'll stroke up a storm.

*sst, sst, sst, sst*

…Ahhh.

*sst, sst, sst, sst*

…

*sst, sst, sst, sst*

…

In the midst of the petting session, Serio appears.

Sorry to keep you waiting, Multi.

Oh, Serio…

Multi says in a blissful daze.

I guess that means it's time to say goodbye.

…Oh.

My words seem to snap Multi out of her dream-like state.

There isn't much time left until the bus is supposed to arrive.

It's finally time to part ways.

In our last moments together I…

A. Suggest that we take some nekopuri to remember our time together.

B. Stroke her head one final time.

C. Ask if we'll see each other again.

Multi, congratulations on finishing up your time here.

I say with all of my heart.

Thank you. I appreciate all you have done for me. I hope we get the chance to meet again.

Multi tears up a little.

It would've been nice to spend the rest of my high school days with you.

Hiroyuki…

But that's just how it is, I guess…since you're special and all.

Yes…

She nods.

Bye, Multi. Take care.

I smile and place my hand on Multi's head.

I wish you all the best too. Please take care of yourself.

I will. See ya.

I wave and part ways with Multi.

FAAAAAREWELLLLLL! TAAAAAAKE CAAAAAAARE!

Multi continues to wave at me on end.

Multi, let's end things by taking some nekopuri to remember our time together.

I say.

What are 'nekopuri'?

Those sticker photo things you can take. You know, the ones they have at arcades.

Those things?

Yep! Let's take some together.

Okay, I'd love to!

Take your printed-out stickers, meow!

Wow, there are so many photos of us!

Multi grinned as she looked at the photos that the machine printed out.

Alright, now we'll just…

*snip, snip**

There. Half for me, half for you.

I use the scissors at the booth to cut the set of stickers in half and hand one of them to Multi.

Multi presses the nekopuri sticker photos to her chest dearly.

Thank you so much! I'll cherish these!

She beams.

Multi, come over here.

Hm?

Multi does as I say and comes over to me.

We still have a bit of time left until the bus arrives, right?

Right.

Then how about I stroke your head again?

What?

Here ya go.

*sst, sst, sst, sst*

I stroke Multi's head.

H-Hiroyuki…

*sst, sst*

…

…If only the bus could be a little late for once.

I think to myself.

Then I'll be able to stroke Multi's head like this for a little longer.

*sst, sst*

…

We'll see each other again, right?

I ask.

What? U-Um, well…

Multi looks somewhat unsure.

…

She's incapable of lying, and the truth is always written on her face.

…We probably won't get to see each other again.

But she finds it hard to say that outright.

Her face says it all.

I see…

I sigh as I smile.

But…it's not completely out of the question, I don't think.

Huh?

The way we met was like an alignment of stars, so I feel like there's a chance we might meet again.

I grin.

…

Right?

…R-Right!

*vrooooom*

And before long, her bus arrives.

It stops in front of us and opens its doors.

Hiroyuki…

Take care, Multi.

I said.

I will.

Multi nods with her usual perky energy.

I wish you all the best too. Please take care of yourself.

Yeah.

Multi bows deeply and then gets onto the bus with Serio.

*vrooooom*

The bus slowly starts to drive away.

Multi.

Goodbye, Hiroyuki! Take care!

Multi presses herself against the rear window of the bus. Tears stream down her face as she continues to wave until I can no longer see her.

Hiroyukiiiiiiii!

Oh?

I turn around to find a beaming Multi.

Hey, Multi.

Hi! Are you on your way home?

Yeah.

I look and see a mopping bucket and a mop-her usual cleaning supplies, to one side of the hallway. She must've been in the middle of cleaning.

And not a single other student in sight, as usual.

Doing some cleaning?

I give a wry smile.

No, I'm all done now. I was just about to head home.

Multi says with her usual carefree smile.

…The thought of today being my last one at this school made me feel as though I had a duty to clean it.

Her eyes soften and her smile has a tinge of sentimentality to it.

Oh, right…

Today is Multi's last day as a student of this school, huh.

A week and some change of functional testing.

That week sure did fly by.

This is her last day, so I decide to…

A. See her off.

B. Congratulate her for her work at school and leave.

Since it's her last day, I decide to see her off.

Hey, Multi?

Yes, what is it?

You're gonna go home now, right?

Yes.

Do you want to walk home together?

What?

I'll walk you to the bus stop.

Oh, okay!

I help her to pack up and then we leave the school.

Thank you for all you have done for me.

Multi bows toward the school.

The school goes quiet earlier on Saturdays than it does on weekdays.

The only students around are the ones on the field or in the gym for their school club activities. Everyone else has already gone home.

I had so much fun in the short time I was here. I will never forget the eight days I spent at this school.

It's a bit of a late…or maybe a really early graduation.

Multi is the only student graduating.

…

She stares at the school with a profound look on her face.

I feel a little sorry for her as I watch her from behind.

She's a robot, yet she has a heart much like me and the other students.

Her smile never leaves her face, but I can sense a hint of loneliness within it.

I wish she could just stay at this school with us forever…

*tap, tap, tap*

Sorry. Thank you for waiting.

Multi says as she runs over to me.

Are you sure you're ready to go?

Yes. I've soldered everything firmly into my memory.

Multi responds with a bright smile.

And this is the last day I'll see this smile, huh.

WIIIIITH MUUUUUCH RESPEEEEECT…

Hm?

TO OOOOUR TEEEACHERS WE ARE INDEEEEBT…

…Um, what are you doing?

With Much Respect. You don't know the song?

No…

It's a song we sing at graduation ceremonies across the country.

At…graduation ceremonies?

Yeah. Today's pretty much your graduation ceremony, no?

What?

AAAAND TO THEEE SCHOOOOL GROOUNDS FROM WHIIIICH THEY TEEEACH

*sniffle*

TIIIIIME DOTH PAAAAASS SO QUIIIIICK…

*sniffle* H-Hiroyuki… Thank you so much…

Under the calm rays of the afternoon sun, Multi and I walk down the hill together.

The wind, tinged with the fragrance of early summer, brushes against our cheeks as it passes by.

I ask Multi a meaningless question and she responds with a smile, wiping the remaining tears from her eyes.

We walk slower than normal, yet we still inevitably reach our destination.

Are you going to wait here for Serio again?

Yes.

Multi nods.

Then I guess it's goodbye now.

Hiroyuki…

Take care, Multi.

I said.

I will.

Multi nods with her usual perky energy.

I wish you all the best too. Please take care of yourself.

Yeah.

As I smile, tears roll down Multi's cheeks.

She waves on end until I can no longer see her.

Hiroyuki.

Masashi approaches my seat during break time.

What?

Here. This is for you.

Hm?

I don't really know why, but inside of the clear bag he gave me is a lucky charm.

What's this? A lucky charm?

Yeah. My parents went on vacation the other day and got this for you as a souvenir.

Yeah? Thanks!

It's a lucky charm in a red pouch with a bell attached to it.

What kind of blessings will I get from carrying this around with me?

It's a lucky charm to ward off evil, so I guess it'll protect you from injuries and accidents?

To ward off evil, eh? Oh, actually, I think I've got something else that wards off evil too. Is it okay to double up?

Probably. I'm sure the more you have, the more you'll be blessed.

You really think so, man…?

Give it to someone else then.

Yeah. Maybe I'll give it to Akari or something.

I already gave Akari one. Shiho too.

What the heck? When did you become such a gentleman?

I wasn't trying to come off like a gentleman…

Hmm.

Who should I give this to then?

Protection from injuries and other accidents, huh…

That means I should give it to someone who's always clumsy and likely to injure themselves.

Who do I know who's likely to get injured…?

Probably Lemmy and Multi.

They're both scatterbrained and clumsy.

Who should I give the charm to?

A. Multi.

B. Lemmy.

Yeah.

Multi's the more scatterbrained one.

I'll give it to Multi.

Oh, Hiroyuki.

I just happen to bump into Multi in the first-floor hallway.

Hey, Multi! Just the person I wanted to see.

Yes?

There's something I want to give you.

I reach into my pocket to take out the lucky charm I got from Masashi and give it to Multi.

What's this?

A lucky charm. It's supposed to protect you from accidents and injuries. You can have it.

What?

I mean, you're pretty clumsy, so I wanted to protect you from tripping over and hurting yourself.

…Oh.

You're a good girl, so I'm sure the gods will protect you more than the average person.

I smile and place my hand on Multi's head after a couple of pats.

…Aw, H-Hiroyuki. You're always so kind to me. Thank you. I'll really cherish this!

Heh, it's really no big deal. And you should be cherishing yourself more than that lucky charm.

Hiroyuki…

I'm surprised to see her be so happy about it.

I'm glad I gave it to Multi.

Okay, I'll give it to Lemmy.

She's got a weird thing for Japanese culture.

I'm sure she'll like it.

I head over to Class 2-C where Lemmy is.

Heeey, Lemmy!

I call out to her from the doorway.

Oh, Hiroyuki!

She notices immediately and runs over to me.

What is it, Hiroyuki?

Heya! I've got something cool for you. Want it?

Do I ever!

You do? Without even knowing what it is?

I'll be happy with whatever it is as long as it's from you!

Awww, for real? You sure know how to make a guy smile. Okay, it's yours.

What is it?

Here.

I take the charm out of my pocket and show it to her.

Ooh, one of those Japanese lucky charm things! An omamori!

That's right, a Japanese omamori.

Can I really have it?

You sure can.

Thank you so much!

This lucky charm is to ward off evil. It's supposed to protect the holder from all kinds of accidents, so it's pretty handy to have.

Wonderful!

I'm no expert on it, but I'm sure that's what it does.

Anyway, here you go.

Thank you!

Lemmy takes the lucky charm and then leaps with joy.

Then she brings it close to her face and puts her hands together.

Namuamidabutsu…

Lemmy chants.

Hey, don't just say some random Buddhist prayer!

No? Is this a Shinto omamori then? Should I bow twice then clap twice?

Uh, I'm not really the right person to ask…

Honestly, she's always full of the weirdest knowledge.

Anyway, it's supposed to bring you good luck if you carry it with you.

Oh, okay. So all I have to do is keep it with me?

That's how it normally works.

Then that means I'm already bursting with luck!

Yup!

Hey, how much power does this thing have?

Power? I dunno. Guess it depends on how much you believe in it?

…

…

…

Just a disclaimer-you shouldn't go testing it out for no reason.

What?! O-Oh, okay.

However despite what she says, it's clear to me that Lemmy is disappointed.

She was totally planning to do something.

It's lunch time.

I finish eating and head off to use the bathroom.

Then, in the hall on the way back to the classroom…

Oh, Yuki.

I run into Akari.

She's holding a book.

Where are you off to?

I'm returning a book to the library. Want to come with me?

I wondered why she was asking me, but I had nothing else to do, so I considered it and said..

Sure.

I agree to go.

And so, we head to the library.

This library was only constructed a few years ago. It's quiet and air-conditioned, making it one of the most pleasant locations in the school.

I pretty much never borrow books, but I do nap in the library sometimes.

I want to find another book to borrow before I return this one.

Alright, go for it. I'll just wait here.

You should try borrowing a book or two every once in a while. You might actually find something that interests you.

I guess…

I answer with disinterest.

Borrowing books is one thing, but having to return them is such a pain that I can't be bothered.

But if I'm honest about that, Akari will keep arguing.

Whatever, maybe I'll take a look.

I leave it at that.

Akari looks at me and giggles.

I can tell by the look on her face that she doesn't believe me.

She knows I'm being evasive.

Yeah, I get it, she sees right through me.

That's what happens when you've known someone for as long as we've known each other.

She always knows what I'm thinking.

Then tell me if there's a book you want to borrow. I can teach you how to fill out the card.

I can do that much by myself, but…

Yeah.

I just go along with it.

Akari grins and walks off.

…

I don't know if I actually want a book, but now I have to walk around looking at them.

I feel like I just got played.

Well, whatever.

Maybe there really is an interesting book somewhere.

I scan the shelves.

I glance at all the titles but don't look any deeper.

After passing by the bookshelf in front of me, I walk over to a tall bookshelf at the back of the room…

A girl is there, standing on her tiptoes and straining to reach for something up high.

She can't seem to reach a book.

She has almond-shaped eyes, glasses, and braided hair.

I've seen this girl before.

A girl is there, standing on her tiptoes and straining to reach for something up high.

She can't seem to reach a book.

She has almond-shaped eyes, glasses, and braided hair.

I've never seen this girl before.

She stands on her toes like a ballerina in a desperate attempt to extend her hand further.

But her fingertips only barely touch the spine of the book. She can't seem to grab it.

I feel bad just watching without doing anything.

I…

A. Ask if she wants help.

B. Grab the book without saying anything.

Do you want me to get it?

The girl turned toward me.

She gives me a skeptical look that seems to ask, "Who in the world are you?"

Her harsh eyes glare at me through her glasses.

Oh, it just looked like you were having a tough time.

…

I reach up and touch the book.

This one?

I pull it halfway off the shelf as I ask.

The girl thinks for a moment.

No, to the right of that.

She answers.

This one?

Yeah.

She gives me a little nod.

Alright, here.

I take the book and place it in the girl's hands.

She stares at it for a while before looking up at me.

…

What?

Can't she even say thank you?

However, just as I was thinking that…

Thanks.

The girl, seeming to respond to my unspoken thoughts, offers a sheepish thank you.

I noticed something slightly off about her intonation when she spoke.

Hm? You sound like you're from Osaka.

When I point that out…

…

It seems to hit a nerve with her. The girl suddenly looks annoyed.

She turned to leave in a huff.

Uh, hey, wait.

I rush to stop her, and she immediately pauses.

She turns back to look at me.

Hey, did I say something I shouldn't have?

I ask, smiling awkwardly. I don't have a clue how I upset her.

She glowers at me.

You don't meet a lot of people from Kansai?

She asks.

What?

Taken aback, I blink a few times.

Do I meet a lot of people from western Japan?

Well, no, not at this high school.

But…

I'm not saying you sound weird or―

She interrupts before I can finish.

And I'm not from Osaka. I'm from Kobe.

What? Kobe?

With that, the girl turns around again and walks off in a hurry.

This time I forget to even stop her. I just stand there in a daze and watch her leave.

Oh… She's from Kobe.

I mutter.

That whole conversation is weird.

So she thanks me, great, but why'd she have to get mad at me?

It's just absurd.

I'm pissed.

The more I think about it, the more annoyed I feel.

What's her deal?

Akari hears me and walks over.

What's wrong, Yuki?

That girl is what's wrong!

You mean Hoshina?

Hoshina? You know her?

Yeah, we're in the same class.

Akari says, nodding.

She's really smart. I hear she got the highest score in the grade on the last standardized tests.

Huh, that's impressive.

She did seem smart.

But still…

Alright, so her name's Hoshina. Man, she makes me mad!

Did she do something?

Akari asks.

Well…

Well?

…

Hm?

Forget it, it's nothing interesting.

I don't see any reason to tell Akari.

I reach out, pull the book off the shelf, and hold it out to the girl.

…

She gives me a blank look as she takes it.

You wanted that book, right?

When I say that…

…

The girl remains silent and gives me a suspicious look.

She doesn't thank me.

Instead, her harsh eyes glare at me through her glasses.

…

I don't like when people give me help I didn't ask for either, so I know how she feels.

But she can't even say thank you?

Well, whatever.

I don't want it to seem like I'm waiting for a thank you, so I turn to leave.

And then…

W-Wait!

She stops me before I can go.

Hm?

I turn back to her.

…Thanks.

She offers a curt word of thanks.

It's not much of an apology considering how insistently she stopped me.

Still…

I guess there are people like this out there.

The sort of people who just can't say thanks.

I'm actually like that myself.

I'm secretly chuckling to myself when…

By the way…

The girl speaks up.

This isn't the book I wanted. It was the one next to it.

She pushes the book back into my hands.

What?

Does she want me to put this back and get the other book?

Man, after she couldn't even thank me right? How demanding.

I begrudgingly put the book back and grab the next one over.

This one?

No, the one on the right.

This one?

Yep.

I pulled the book off the shelf and handed it to the girl.

Is that it?

She checks the title.

Yeah, it is.

She nods.

Then, she smiles.

Thanks.

I hear the Kansai inflection in her voice.

Then, the girl turns away and leaves.

Well now…

So, she does know how to say thanks.

Hm…

Although it's not as if I have any particular intentions, it's kind of nice to get a thank you from a girl I don't know.

What's going on, Yuki?

Akari overhears the conversation and comes over.

Oh, that girl was having trouble reaching a book, so I got it for her.

Hoshina?

You know her?

Yeah, we're in the same class.

Akari nods.

Hmmm…

So, her name's Hoshina?

She sounds like she came from Kansai.

Is she from Osaka?

Akari puts her hand to her lips and looks up, pondering the question.

No, not Osaka. I think she's from Kyoto or Kobe. I'm pretty sure she at least said she's not from Osaka.

Either way, she's from Kansai.

She's really smart. I hear she got the highest score in the grade on the last standardized tests.

Huh, that's impressive.

She did seem smart.

She strikes me as the assertive type too.

As soon as I say that, Akari responds…

Y-Yeah, you could probably say that…

I see ambivalence in Akari's smile.

The first period of the day, in other words, the first class of the new school year, is homeroom.

Our new homeroom teacher is Mr. Kibayashi.

Alright, first you all need to introduce yourselves. Let's start from this side.

And so, the first thing I have to endure is the other kids' boring self-introductions.

Everyone lists off their name, previous class, after school clubs, and hobbies.

Still, there are over forty students in this class.

So, there's no shot that I'm remembering all of this.

Oh!

Looks like Masashi's up next.

I'm Masashi Sato. Last year I was in Class A. I'm on the soccer team. As for hobbies, uh, I like raising hamsters and stuff.

A few girls giggle.

Hey, is he joking?

I'm not sure.

I hear them whisper.

Nah, it's no joke.

Masashi never jokes about himself to get laughs.

He's still got a smile plastered on his face, but I doubt he even knows what the laughs are about.

He's always been sort of oblivious in some ways.

Masashi does actually like to take care of hamsters and other such pets.

He's had pets like that consistently since kindergarten, if I remember right.

We always had him take care of the class pet in elementary school because of that.

As these thoughts passed through my head, my turn eventually came around.

What should I say?

A. "Hey, I'm Hiroyuki Fujita. Let's make this year a good one, everybody." Take a friendly approach.

B. "Hey, I'm Hiroyuki Fujita. Nice to meet you guys." Take a natural approach.

C. "I'm Hiroyuki Fujita. It's a pleasure to meet you all." Take an inoffensive approach.

A. Hey, I'm Hiroyuki Fujita. I was in Class A last year. I'm not in any clubs. Let's make this year a good one, everybody.

I give a positive, friendly introduction.

These first impressions are important.

I have to make sure I seem approachable to the class.

Alright.

Let's throw in a little friendly gesture and make myself seem even more chill and relaxed.

Hey, nice to meet you, man.

I didn't know the guy sitting behind me, but I speak to him and gave him a pat on the back.

Y-Yeah, sure.

He awkwardly smiles and stutters in response.

Hey, nice to meet you too! Nice to meet you!

*pat* *pat* *pat*

I pat everyone around me on the back, both the boys and the girls.

They all force the same smile and seem annoyed.

Akari, Masashi, and some others laugh, so that lifts the mood in the class.

I might've come off as a little annoying, but people are so standoffish nowadays. This level of friendliness should be fine.

Let's consider "Operation Friendly" a success.

Hehehe.

Akari's still laughing.

How long's she gonna keep laughing for?

I briefly make a funny face at her to make her laugh even harder.

I'm gonna make you die of laughter.

Now everyone will think you're a constantly laughing weirdo.

Hey, I'm Hiroyuki Fujita. I'm not in any clubs, and my hobby is taking naps. That's all, nice to meet you guys.

I avoid being too formal and give the kind of introduction I normally would.

I honestly find introductions tedious and just want to get it over with.

This was good enough.

When I take my seat, Akari looks at me like she thought I didn't try hard enough.

What the hell?

Sorry for not caring about this waste of time.

Hm?

I feel like the Kansai girl is looking at me.

Hoshina, that's her name, right?

Maybe I'm just imagining her looking at me.

I'm Hiroyuki Fujita. I was in Class A last year. I'm not a member of any after school clubs. It's a pleasure to meet you all.

I give a safe, inoffensive introduction.

This kind of thing is just a formality, so ordinary is fine.

Some people might be annoyed if I try to be too friendly, but I don't want to seem too disinterested either.

When I finish, I take my seat and glance to my side. My eyes meet a girl's.

It's that Kansai girl.

I think her name is Hoshina.

She quickly looks away.

Apparently, she remembers me.

There were some jokes here and there, but there otherwise isn't anything too memorable about the rest of the introductions.

The boys finish, so we move on to the girls.

Oh, Akari is next.

I'm Akari Kamigishi. I was in Class C last year. My hobbies are reading and cooking. It's nice to meet you all, and I hope we have a good year.

She bows and sits down.

Ugh, so boring.

That was as basic as it gets.

Well, Akari isn't one to surprise anybody.

I would've been stunned if she did anything outside the box.

Akari's been like this for as long as I've known her.

She always does what's expected and never stands out.

She ends up fading into the background as a result.

That's kind of what makes her who she is, though.

Oh!

Hoshina's next.

I gotta pay attention to this.

I'm Tomoko Hoshina. I was in Class C last year. I'm not in any clubs, and I have no particular hobbies.

She says that and nothing more. Then, she sits down and closes her eyes with an air of indifference.

Her introduction was as basic as Akari's.

However, while her introduction may have been basic, it was also intimidating. She gave off a vibe that said, "don't bother me."

That's a big difference.

She seems like the type to make some enemies.

Some girls are already side-eyeing her and whispering.

Hoshina must have noticed it, but she ignores them.

I got this impression when I talked to her before, but she's kind of a lone wolf.

Oh yeah, isn't she from Kansai?

I hear they don't get along too well with people in Kanto, so maybe that's it.

Or maybe this is just her personality.

Oops.

It's not right to judge people based on appearances and impressions.

She could just be in a bad mood today for all I know.

I need to be better.

The new class finishes its introductions.

The teacher stands up to speak.

Alright, introductions are taken care of. Next I'd like to pick out the members of the class committee. We'll start with the class representative and proceed from there.

And so, we move on to elect a class rep.

This always ends up taking a lot of time.

The problem is that nobody nominates themselves, which I guess is to be expected.

Being on the class committee just means you have to do chores.

You'd have to be pretty weird to want that.

Still, it would be cruel to nominate someone else too.

So, everyone ends up acting apathetic and nobody joins.

Well, if we have no candidates, then I'll decide.

Mr. Kibayashi sounds disappointed.

There are around forty students in all.

A one in forty chance of being named as class representative is no small risk.

Everyone in the class (myself included) boo. Mr. Kibayashi gives us a wry smile.

Then I'll give you one more minute to think about it. If you can't decide by then, I'll be the one to choose.

That's what it came down to.

It would've been easiest if someone just accepted the role quickly.

Everyone starts telling everyone else to do it, raising a ruckus in the classroom.

I open my notebook, write something in pen, tear the page out, crumple it into a ball, and toss it to Akari.

It hits her head and falls to the floor.

Akari gives me a desperate look that seems to say, "What are you doing?"

I point to the floor.

She picks up the ball of paper with confusion.

As soon as she opens it up and takes a look, her expression changes.

It said "Should I nominate you?"

Akari frantically looks at me and waves her hand to signal "No!"

C'mon, just do it.

No way, I can't!

Maybe I'll nominate you anyway.

Please don't, Yuki.

We communicate through mouth movements alone.

We'd known each other long enough that we could read each other's lips.

However, Akari seems seriously opposed to the idea of being nominated, so I decide not to do it.

Still, a part of me feels like doing something to draw attention to herself could be good for Akari.

She's a hard worker and teachers like her, so I think it'd be the perfect role for her.

On the other hand, she was never good about overseeing meetings or anything.

Whatever, so Akari's out.

And Masashi sure isn't a good fit.

Hmmm…

That means I don't have anyone to nominate.

Alright, it's been one minute.

Mr. Kibayashi looks at his watch.

Then are there any candidates?

…

The class immediately goes silent.

Alright, no candidates. Then does anyone want to nominate someone?

The silence continues.

Mr. Kibayashi slowly looks out over the students. Everyone is trying their best to avoid making eye contact.

Fine, then I'll pick. You can't complain now, can you?

And then…

I think Hoshina would be good!

One girl speaks up.

It's one of the girls who was side-eyeing and whispering about Hoshina earlier.

She was Class C's representative last year too. I think she'd be perfect!

Agreed!

The girls sitting diagonally across from me chime in.

They were whispering earlier too.

She's responsible, and she works hard! She's perfect!

I thought Hoshina would be annoyed, but she actually seems calm, almost like this wasn't even happening to her.

It's as if she's pretending not to hear.

Still, she must be hearing everything.

Well, Hoshina? Can you do it?

Hoshina looks up and rises from her seat.

If those three insist, then I suppose I don't mind.

Hoshina shoots the three girls an icy look.

The girls look down like they're intimidated.

They were clearly bullying her, but Hoshina just put up with it.

Wow, she's pretty cool.

You hear that, you three? Sounds like she'll do it if you insist.

The girls look at each other.

…

Y-Yes, then please do, Hoshina.

One of them awkwardly smiles.

The other two remain silent and keep their heads down.

There you have it, Hoshina. Alright, then you be the class representative. You'll handle the rest of the proceedings.

Alright.

Hoshina nods and walks up to the blackboard.

The room is silent aside from the sound of Hoshina's shoes on the floor.

Hoshina wastes no time in selecting the remaining class committee members, assigning people to cleaning duty, and so forth.

I've never seen a student lead homeroom so smoothly before.

Having been class rep last year, she seems to know what she's doing.

The most impressive part of it all is that Hoshina's intimidating presence cuts down on the chatter in the classroom and prevents interruptions.

When she speaks in her naturally indifferent tone, the class grows tense, and all commotion disappears.

That ultimately gives us more time than planned.

We use the extra time to decide on seating assignments.

I end up sitting next to Hoshina.

Hey, Class Rep.

…

So, we're next to each other, huh? That's cool.

…

She remains silent and looks away.

She still can't be friendly?

Now that I'm seeing her from the side, though…

She has a pretty good profile.

I end up wandering around town.

After having lunch at a random restaurant, I head back out onto the street, and…

Oh?

Someone in the plaza draws my attention.

She has long, straight hair.

She has a pretty young-looking face, so I assume she's either my age or a little younger.

I can't remember who she is, but I know she's familiar.

She's pretty cute.

And her figure is especially nice.

She looks like a model you might see in a magazine.

Especially with the way her sweater highlights her chest.

Any guy would want to look at her.

The girl seems to be waiting for something. She has a kind of pouty look on her face and is gazing at the sky with disinterest.

She looks at the clock on the street.

She sighs.

Apparently, she's been waiting for a while.

And then…

…

…

Our eyes happen to meet.

She looks surprised for a moment.

…!

Then, she frantically looks away.

What?

Seems like she doesn't want me seeing her.

Weird.

So, I have met her somewhere, right?

I squint and watch her.

She looks at me, then away again, then returns to gazing up at the sky, acting like I'm not there.

However, her luck had run out.

When I see her face from the side, I immediately realize who she is.

Ohhh, Class Rep!

…!

She shudders.

I always see her from the side in class.

I'd know that profile anywhere.

It's the Class Rep.

What, so it's you?

I laugh as I walk over to her.

Hey, are you wearing contacts today? Between that and the straight hair, I couldn't tell it was you till I got closer.

…

She doesn't seem to know how to feel about all this.

Hm? Something wrong?

N-Not really.

She says, sighing.

You live around here, right? Guess it makes sense that we'd run into each other on a weekend.

She mutters to herself.

So, I see you're all dressed up. Who are you waiting for?

What?

You're waiting for someone, right?

N-Not really, no.

Oh really? Sounds fishy. Is it someone you don't want me to know about?

Err…

It seems like I was right. She looks conflicted and hesitates to speak.

So who is it?

I ask teasingly.

Wh-Why does it matter?

The more you hide it, the more I wanna know. Is it your boyfriend?

I-I told you before; I don't have a boyfriend.

Then who? Hmm…

Doesn't matter. If that's all you have to ask, then go away.

She puts a hand on my chest and pushes me away.

Aww, you're trying to ditch me when we were lucky enough to run into each other? You're no fun. Oh yeah, by the way…

What?

The Class Rep glares at me. She seems annoyed.

You're pretty cute without glasses too.

…

And those clothes and that hairstyle look good on you.

Wh-Why are you telling me this?

Just wanted to tell you what I think.

I-I can't believe you just said that.

Anyway, now I'm really curious about who you're meeting up with.

Geez, Fujita, enough already!

She blushes.

Haha…

I like her usual indifferent demeanor, but this vibe is nice in a different way.

She was less "Class Rep" and more "Tomo".

Typically, she was plain and didn't stand out much. Looking at her now, she's actually real pretty.

While we're talking…

Sorry, sorry… I'm awfully late.

I hear someone else who sounds like they're from Kansai. I turn and see a refined businessman standing there.

Just had a lot of work to deal with.

…

When the Class Rep sees him, she looks down and presses a hand against her face.

Oh, what's wrong, Tomoko? With a friend today?

T-Tomoko?

You have a boyfriend you want to introduce to your dad?

D-Dad?

So this handsome old guy is her dad?

Nope, we just happened to run into each other here. He's a classmate, not my boyfriend.

She rushes to tell her dad that we're only classmates.

Does she have to deny it so hard, though?

I make eye contact with her dad.

Oh, nice to meet you. I'm Fujita.

I bow and introduce myself.

First impressions are important.

I'm Hoshina's father. Nice to meet you too.

He responds in kind.

Oh?

Didn't she mention something about her parents being divorced before?

And she's living with her mom?

She said her dad's still back in Kobe.

Dad happened to be here on a business trip, so we planned to meet up.

The Class Rep guesses what was on my mind and explains.

Huh, really?

What?

Why couldn't she just say she was waiting for her dad?

Want to get going? Do you want to come with, Fujita? We can grab something to eat.

What?!

D-Dad…<rep rep_sweat>

No, I wouldn't want to interrupt your family time.

No? Maybe another time then.

Uh, sure.

B-Bye, Fujita.

Yeah, see you at school.

They walked to the taxi stand by the station.

Hmmm…

I see a side of the Class Rep I never knew about.

This was an experience to remember.

That night I relax at home for a while, then go out for dinner.

After eating at some random restaurant, I kill time at an arcade. By the time I leave, it's raining.

Ugh, seriously?

I didn't bring an umbrella.

I think about buying one at the convenience store nearby, but there's a number of people running without umbrellas.

I decide to do the same and run home.

I shield my eyes with my hands and jump over puddles as I run through the rainy park.

I'm already half soaked.

Crap…

Spring may be over, but the rain's still cold.

I'll have to shower when I get home.

I might get sick if I don't.

Once I'm almost through the park…

Fujita.

Hm?

I hear my name and stop.

When I look into the darkness in the direction of the voice, someone is standing there in the cold rain without an umbrella.

She's wearing a familiar school uniform. It's…

…

Class Rep?!

Oh, took you long enough. If you didn't come, I don't know what I would've done.

Wh-What are you doing here?

I was hoping to see you, and after meeting you here before, I figured you'd eventually pass through if I waited long enough.

Well, I do pass through here a lot. But still, waiting without an umbrella?

It wasn't raining when I got here.

It started raining a while ago.

Yeah, maybe I've been waiting a long time. Your fault for not coming sooner.

That's ridiculous. You're acting a little weird today. Did something happen?

I ask.

…

A look of anguish appears on her face.

Class Rep?

Fujita.

She says my name.

Fujita, I, I…

Tears larger than the raindrops pour out from behind her glasses.

Fujita, Fujita, I…

Uhn, uhn,

Class… Rep?

waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Her calm and collected attitude is nowhere to be seen. Rain drenches her as she sobs.

I don't know what to do at first, but eventually I put a hand around her back and hug her head close.

She presses her face into my chest and keeps crying.

As the downpour continues…

Cold rain and overflowing tears soak the inner part of her glasses.

I take the Class Rep home with me.

I can't leave her there like that. She would've caught a cold.

…

Don't just stand there. Come in.

When I say that, she gives me a shy smile.

But I'm all wet.

Yeah, that's why I'm telling you to come inside. You can take a shower. You've got to get warmed up.

Fujita, is anyone else here?

Wait, have I never told you? My parents are away from home for work.

Really?

Anyway, come inside already.

Okay…

She warms her cold body with a hot shower.

We toss her wet uniform in the dryer, and I lend her one of my shirts.

I have her wait in my room and take a shower myself.

The shower feels nice on my freezing skin.

Yo.

…

I return to my room with a cup of coffee in each of my hands. The Class Rep's usual intimidating vibe is gone. She's quietly waiting in my room, as meek as a kitten.

So you waited for me like a good girl?

I smile.

…

A conflicted look appears on her face.

Here, drink.

I hold a mug out to her.

She takes it with both hands.

Blowing on the coffee, she holds the mug up to her lips.

She takes a sip.

I-It's so bitter.

She grimaces.

What the heck? You brought it to me black?

Can you not drink coffee without sugar?

No. I need sugar and milk.

I snort when I hear that.

Wh-What's the big deal?

She blushes a little before pouting at me.

I end up going to fetch some milk and sugar.

Wh-What are you smiling about?

I just think it's unexpectedly cute that you need milk and sugar with your coffee.

S-So what if I do?

I'm not saying it's bad. Just that it's cute.

She gives me a sour look.

You can be kind of a jerk, Fujita.

Oh yeah? I think I'm a pretty good guy, personally.

You say mean stuff all the time.

Mean? Do I?

It's even worse if you don't realize it.

She smiles.

She finally seems to have calmed down and returns to her usual self.

We drink coffee together.

When I finish mine, I casually speak up.

Y'know, I was shocked you were waiting for me there.

…

You could've just come to my house.

I didn't know where your house was.

Then you could've called or something.

I don't know your number.

But you could've…

I'm about to say something, but I stop myself.

She's hanging her head low, and she has a gravely serious look on her face.

Man, I guess it is what it is…

Smiling wryly, I sigh.

So what happened anyway?

I ask.

There has to be a reason you came to see me.

Yeah.

Still staring at the floor, she nods.

Then tell me about it. Maybe I can help you out.

…

…

…

But she just keeps her head down and doesn't answer.

You weren't acting like yourself.

…

I never would've thought you could cry like that.

…

Whatever happened must've hit you pretty hard.

…

…

…

She says nothing at first, but with enough patience, she eventually starts to open up.

I think I've told you before about why I want to go back to Kobe.

Yeah, because there's a guy you like and he told you to come back, right?

Yeah.

She nods.

What about it?

Yesterday, I talked to a girl I was friends with back there, and…

And what?

When I encourage her to keep talking, she stares at a single point on the floor and continues.

Then, she shared a secret with me.

What kind of secret?

It was about him.

Him being the guy you like?

She nods.

Apparently, he's dating my best friend now.

What?

They're in the same high school, and I guess they started dating as soon as high school started. I had no idea.

So right after you moved here?

She weakly nods.

They'd been close since middle school, so it's not that weird. But why'd they have to keep it a secret from me?

…

Evidently, they've liked each other since middle school, but it was hard for them to speak up about their feelings because I was always between them.

I see…

I guess they didn't want to say anything because they care about me, but I can't say I appreciate it. It's not like it would've ruined our friendship.

I thought we were close enough to not keep secrets.

Her voice grows shakier.

Tears well up in her eyes.

They could have started dating in middle school. They didn't have to worry about me. This just makes me feel like a nuisance.

Class Rep…

I've spent so much time thinking about going back there that I haven't made a single friend here. I've just been studying to get into a university there.

…

I guess I'm just stupid. What would I even say if I went back there now?

She lets out some self-mocking laughter.

Large tears pour from behind her glasses.

All it took was one phone call to make it clear that everything I've been doing is pointless. I'm so stupid I could cry.

She pushes up her glasses and wipes her eyes with the backs of her hands.

However, more tears replace those she wiped away.

When you want to cry, just do it. Cry as hard as you can.

I offer my advice.

You can cry when you're hurt. That's what people do. Better to just let it out than bottle it up. You can even cry into my chest if you want to.

Fujita…

I'm joking about the last part.

I'm setting her up to laugh at me for that.

And yet…

Uhn, waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Cl-Class Rep…

She does what I say and presses her face against my chest, crying hard.

Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Fujitaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Class Rep…

I'm unsure what to do at first, but I eventually wrap my arms around her and pat her back.

We can hear the heavy rain outside.

The noise mixes with the sound of her cries.

She keeps sobbing into my chest.

I want to do whatever I can to support her fragile, vulnerable heart.

Some time later, the dryer finally finishes drying her uniform.

She changes into the uniform and tells me she's heading home.

You were right, Fujita. Crying made me feel a lot better for some reason.

She says, grinning.

It was my honor.

What?

To be the first person you thought of when you were hurt.

I smile.

I-I just don't have anyone else close to me who'd listen to me whine.

She bashfully replies.

I can't help but smile.

Wh-What's with the grin?

Oh, it's nothing.

What the heck?

Do you have time to make the last train, by the way?

Yeah, there's still time. I'll have to hurry a little though.

It's still raining out there.

Oh yeah. Can I borrow an umbrella?

Y-Yeah, sure.

I give her an umbrella.

Thanks for everything today.

She says, smiling.

R-Right.

She puts her hand on the door.

Looking at her back, I say…

A. You should spend the night here.

B. See you at school.

I don't want to send her home like this.

I'm firmly against it.

W-Wait, Class Rep!

I call out from behind to stop her.

What?

H-Hey, you should spend the night here.

I suggest.

What?

It's late and it's raining. Heading home now is gonna be rough.

B-But… Are you serious?

I've got a big house with plenty of rooms to sleep in.

…

Well, maybe she's not interested.

That makes sense.

It would be weird for a girl to stay at a guy's house all alone…

Okay, sure.

What?

I'll take you up on your offer.

She returns the umbrella to me.

R-Really?

Despite being the one who made the suggestion, I'm a little stunned as I take the umbrella back.

Yeah, thanks!

She smiles, takes off her shoes, and enters my house again.

We eat instant ramen together for a late-night snack.

She tells me she never ate dinner.

*slurrrrp*

We sit across from each other at the table and suck down the ramen.

It wasn't so long ago that I never would have imagined doing this with Class Rep.

What are you grinning about?

Well, it feels weird eating ramen with you. Do you eat this kind of stuff often?

I do sometimes. What about you?

Well, it's hard to avoid while I'm living alone. When I just can't be bothered, I'll eat something easy like this.

Heheh, I see why Kamigishi worries about you.

How do you know about that?

I mean, I sit right next to you. It'd be hard not to overhear some things.

She smiles.

I wait in my room until the Class Rep gets back from calling home.

What'd they say?

Nothing, really. My mom's pretty hands-off with me, for better or worse.

Letting a girl your age spend the night out? That's open-minded of her.

You make it sound like we're gonna get up to some trouble.

You want to?

Of course not! Don't be stupid!

Haha, do you always have to be so harsh?

Hehe.

Haha…

Then we start chatting.

We still hit each other with some banter, but toned down from before.

And her smile…

The weariness of the day creates a gentle, soothing vibe.

Seeing the Class Rep in my room in her school uniform is both surreal and exciting.

It's kind of a weird feeling.

She ends up sleeping in my room that night.

I suggest she sleep in one of the many empty rooms, but she wants to keep talking to me, so she decides to stay in my room.

She sleeps in my bed while I sleep on a futon on the floor.

We keep chatting late into the night.

It's still raining outside.

When the lights are out and the room is dark, she sounds kinder than usual.

The clock strikes midnight.

The rain has yet to stop.

*fssssssssssssssssssssh*

The sound roars in my ears.

I can't sleep.

I toss and turn on the futon.

The Class Rep is so close.

She's within arm's reach.

Thinking about that makes it impossible to sleep.

We suddenly find ourselves alone together at night.

After learning more about each other, I feel like we're closer than ever before.

This time we spent together means a lot.

And it makes my feelings clear to me.

My feelings for her…

I was never too sure before, but now I can put it to words.

Yes, I…

Fujita…

I thought she was fast asleep, but she says my name.

Apparently, she couldn't sleep either.

Hey, are you up?

She whispers.

Yeah, I'm having trouble sleeping.

Same here.

She informs me.

There's another moment of silence.

So, Fujita…

Hm?

…

What?

…

…

Uh, so…

Yeah?

…

…

The futon's a little small, right?

What?

I'm about to say it's fine, but…

Do you want to share the bed?

She suggests.

We can talk some more up here.

I get into bed with her.

Her face and chest are right there.

No need to be shy. Get closer.

Wh-Why would I be shy? It's my bed.

Sure, that's true.

She giggles.

…

…

…

…

Say something.

You say something.

…

…

Ack…

I can't stop looking at her chest.

It's pretty big… Crap, I looked again.

Guh…

My self-control isn't the best.

Oh, right.

The problem is that I'm facing this way.

I turn to lie on my back and look up at the ceiling.

Fujita.

Hm?

You seem nervous.

K-Kinda.

Man…

How am I supposed to have a normal conversation under these circumstances?

We're so close that I can feel her breath.

Cl-Class Rep…

Hm?

You sure about this?

About what?

I mean, uh, sharing a bed with a guy you're not into…

You mean, you?

Well…

And then…

How rude.

She pouts.

I'd never do this if I didn't like you.

She looks down with embarrassment.

What? So you're saying…

It's pretty obvious, stupid.

You could've just told me.

Why should it be me who has to say that? That's not fair.

I've pretty much been saying it for a while, haven't I?Class Rep, I love you sooo much<rep rep_heart> There you go.

What the heck?

There, I said it. Now it's your turn.

…

…

…

Get on with it.

If I have to…

She broke into a somewhat bashful smile, and…

I…

You what?

I love you.

She whispers.

Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngh!

Wh-What?

Well, it's just, I dunno. Yeah, that was nice.

…

Say it again.

What?

Please, just say it one more time! Encore!

No, I'm done.

Why? What do you have to lose?

Fine, this is the last time though.

Alright!

I love you.

Hell yeah!

Y-You're acting really stupid.

She tries to hide her embarrassment as she smiles.

Heheh, but seriously, I'm glad to hear it.

…

It's nice being able to have normal conversations with you like this.

…

…

Hey, Fujita…

Hm?

Why do you like me?

Why? Well…

I don't know why.

I think about it for a bit.

But I can't think of anything specific.

Y'know, I don't know. I guess I just came to like you gradually over time.

…

What about you?

I think it was the same for me. I thought you were kinda shallow and annoying at first, though.

Am I that shallow?

It was just a first impression.

She awkwardly smiles.

But eventually, I started to think you weren't so bad.

…

And when I didn't know what to do today, you were the first person who popped into my head.

Heheh, so my efforts finally paid off.

Maybe.

She giggles.

Honestly, when I heard he was dating best friend, I wasn't that shaken up about it.

Him being the guy you liked?

Yeah. I was more shocked that they were hiding it from me and that I'd been wasting my time. I wasn't that surprised that he had a girlfriend.

But didn't you like him for a long time?

I had a feeling he liked her, honestly, but he never said as much, so I didn't want to admit it was true.

…

I honestly thought I'd be a little more shocked, but I wasn't. It's probably because…

Because what?

Because I already liked you anyway. If anything, that phone call made me realize it.

Class Rep…

Geez, you're making me share all this embarrassing stuff.

She shyly smiles and hides her face in the sheets.

I grin and hold her tight.

Fujita?

Startled, she looks up at me.

Let's be together forever.

I smile at her.

What?

You don't have to go back to Kobe. How about you stay here with me?

Fujita…

I mean, I'd like to be with you.

And then, we kiss.

Our arms wrap around each other, and we hold each other tight. She sheds tears as large as pearls.

The rain stops at some point, and I glimpse the starry sky through the clouds.

Class Rep.

Hm?

I'm gonna go grab some food. I'll be at the usual spot.

Sounds good.

Blinding sunlight makes me squint.

There's a refreshing breeze.

Mmm, it's starting to feel like summer.

I stretch and yawn.

Then, I look for her.

Oh, there she is.

The wind whips at her as she gazes at the buildings in the distance.

She looks a little happy from the side.

Hey, hope you weren't waiting long.

I say, approaching her.

You're pretty late.

Sorry, I got held up by someone annoying in the cafeteria.

It's been ten minutes.

Yeah, just ten minutes. Go easy on me.

I almost started eating without you.

I said sorry. Wanna eat now?

Yeah.

So, did you think about it?

I did, yeah.

Well?

I think it should be okay.

Really?!

Yeah.

Alriiiiiiiiiiiight!

Heheh, you sure seem happy. It's still gonna be a while from now.

We'll be there in no time. I'll have to save up some money before then. Maybe I'll start that part time job.

At that arcade?

Yep.

If you start working there, I'll visit you. Give me a free plushie.

Sure, why not?

Time really does fly.

It's summer already.

There's blue sky as far as the eye can see.

I can hear waves lapping at the shore.

The sunlight is dizzyingly bright.

Lying on the white sand, I gaze absentmindedly at the sky, drifting off to sleep…

Just then, a shadow suddenly blocks out the sun.

Hey, were you sleeping?

The shadow was cast by the Class Rep's straw hat.

Nah, I'm awake.

I squint.

The light that leaks past the edges of the straw hat is bright.

Wanna swim? We came all the way here, so it would be a waste not to.

Mm, yeah, I'll do that after I rest a bit more.

What a waste of time. C'mon, let's swim already!

Fine, fine, I'll swim.

Okay, hurry up!

She looks to be enjoying herself. A natural smile comes to my face too.

The ocean's so pretty! It's all clear and blue!

Her eyes sparkle like a child's.

You're really having fun today.

Yeah, a ton of fun.

She says, grinning.

I'm surprised you're being so honest about it.

She giggles.

I only get to go on so many trips. I have to enjoy it.

She grins.

And then…

I wanna spend as much of this trip with you as I can.

She says, eyes softening as she looks at me.

Class Rep…

Hey, Fujita…

What is it?

Can you please stop calling me Class Rep, at least while we're on this trip?

Oh, alright.

Call me Tomoko.

Okay, you got it, Class Rep.

Fujita!

Hahaha, just messing with you.

I stand up.

Then let's go, Tomoko!

Okay!

Oh, Class Rep.

Hm?

See you at school.

I say, smiling.

In response…

Okay.

She smiles back.

See you later.

Yeah, bye.

She opens the door and returns home in the rain.

Our fourth period class is math, but the teacher has sudden business to attend to and leaves us to study on our own.

The Class Rep hands worksheets out to everyone.

At five minutes before the end of class, the students in the back need to collect the sheets from the rest of the class and bring them to me. When you finish, you're free to work on something else.

I can hear the Kansai intonation in her voice.

I receive my worksheet.

There aren't that many questions. It looks like it'll take about ten minutes.

But then, I actually read the questions, and they were extremely challenging.

Hmmm…

The questions are tough, but I do my best at first. However, the more I mess up, the less motivated I feel.

Screw this! It's impossible!

Eventually, I give up.

When I look around, nobody seems to be trying very hard.

They all seem to be waiting for someone else to finish so they can copy the answers.

Ridiculous.

How lazy can you be?

…Anyway, who should I copy from?

A. Copy Akari.

B. Copy Class Rep.

C. Copy Masashi.

D. Actually, I'll do it myself.

I walk over to Akari's seat.

Akari always takes her work seriously.

She struggles with the difficult problems, but she still attempts them all on her own.

She refers to her notes and the textbook as she slowly writes out her answers.

Hey, you look like you're getting it.

Oh, yeah, maybe.

How far did you get?

Only to the second question, so not far. What about you?

I'll copy your work when you're done.

Akari doesn't seem to like that.

Nope, you have to do it yourself.

You know I suck at math.

All the more reason why you should work on it yourself.

C'mon, you're not gonna show me?

I-I can, but my answers are probably wrong. I'm not too sure about them.

It's fine, it'll seem more natural with some mistakes.

But if it's the exact same mistakes, the teacher's gonna…

Just show me!

Fine, geez. I'll bring it to you when I'm done.

Alright, there we go.

But you really shouldn't copy me. It would be better for you to just do it.

She starts lecturing me again.

Yeah, yeah, I know.

Yuki, you're smarter than I am. Why do you always give up so fast?

If I were as smart as you think, I wouldn't struggle so much.

I wave goodbye and return to my seat.

Geez, struggle? You barely even try.

I look at the seat next to me. Class Rep is working hard on the worksheet, of course.

Her pen keeps moving smoothly, filling in the answer column. She never seems to get stuck.

It's like she knows all the answers to begin with and she just has to write them down.

She finishes in less than five minutes, flips her worksheet over, and pushes it to one corner of her desk. Then she opens up a workbook and gets to work on that.

Hmmm…

It's like she's operating on a whole different level…

What's a girl as smart as her doing at the same high school as me anyway?

Well, I've gotten worse since I was accepted to the school, to be fair. But how can there be such a wide gulf between us?

What a mystery.

Oh, right.

I should copy her answers now, while I can.

Hey, Class Rep.

She stops writing in her workbook and looks at me.

She doesn't respond.

Look, sorry, but can you let me copy your answers?

I smiled.

This class sucks, and I'm bad at this crap.

…

Annoyed that I'm even talking to her, she sighs and looks away.

Urgh…

Doesn't seem like she's going to say yes.

She's almost certainly telling me to do it myself.

Figures she'd be too straight-laced for this.

Oh well.

I don't have as much faith in Akari or Masashi, but I'll copy from one of them instead.

Just as I think that…

*swish*

The Class Rep casually holds her worksheet out to me.

What?

You wanted to see it, right?

She speaks without looking at me.

Oh, yeah, thanks.

I awkwardly nod and take the piece of paper.

Huh, you have some neat handwriting.

The white sheet is filled with small, neatly written answers.

I didn't know if the answers were right or not (I assumed they were), but they looked just like the answers you'd see on an answer sheet.

I don't expect Class Rep to be so cooperative.

I expect her to be more by-the-book.

But you should really do it yourself if you don't want to get even dumber.

…

She's still pretty harsh.

Alright.

I'll look to my good friend Masashi for help.

Hey, Masashi! Show me your answers!

I command.

I'm not even done yet.

He shows me the white sheet.

He's as stuck as I was.

How are you supposed to do this? There aren't that many questions, but they're pretty tough.

Yeah, we're dividing up the questions over here so we each only have to do one. Do you want to take one?

You're dividing them up? You sure that's a good idea? If one of you is wrong, you'll all get a question wrong. And it'll be obvious that you shared work too.

I'm not too worried.

Masashi's casual about it.

Pretty happy-go-lucky of you.

I end up handling the fourth question.

Crap, I'm so bad with geometry…

Let's see here…

The trajectory of Point P forms a parabola…

Man, when in my life is this knowledge ever gonna be useful?

I do an appropriate amount of complaining as I refer to the textbook and work out the problem.

I feel like I've solved it.

But I'm positive.

Sorry, everyone.

This could be wrong.

Yeah.

I have to do my best to solve this on my own.

There's no point in copying answers.

I accept the suffering of school life.

I'm not taking the easy way out.

Pain plants the seeds of pleasure. This is an investment in my future self.

Alright, I've got this!

The particle's path is in contact with the line l, but the system does not stabilize at l…

However, positive thinking alone isn't going to help me solve these problems.

I refer to the textbook as I approach each question like a puzzle.

I finish them one by one until I ultimately complete them all.

But I can't say whether they're right or not.

My work is definitely pretty sloppy.

Hm?

Akari's looking at me.

When she sees me resting after I finish, she smiles.

Gross.

Although not everyone tried, most of the students have finished the worksheet after around 30 minutes.

Then, everyone starts chatting.

Junior year has only just started, and midterms are a ways off, so we're all taking it easy.

Hardly anyone actually studies on their own as instructed.

They either talk or nap.

Me included, of course.

So, after finishing my worksheet, I…

A. Chat it up.

B. Sleep quietly.

I chat it up.

Normal classes always put me to sleep, but at times like these I'm wide awake for some reason.

Masaki and a few others are talking about TV.

I join them.

A lot of variety shows lately write the joke on the screen in words when you're supposed to laugh, but they really need to be smart about when to try that.

Yeah, when a joke doesn't land, it just makes it worse.

They're doing that in everything now, though. It wasn't so long ago that they were still doing laugh tracks.

Oh, when they played those forced laughs over everything?

I hated that so much.

Yeah? I hate the new thing more.

Different conversations are happening elsewhere.

Some of the girls are especially loud. It feels like class is over already.

Everyone sounds so excited.

The conversations just keep flowing.

There's a weird amount of energy in the classroom.

I look around and can't help but feel that way.

Maybe it's a little too loud?

If they don't lower the volume, the teacher in the next classroom over is gonna come running in here.

Just as I think that…

I sleep quietly.

The warmth of spring makes me sleepy.

And the spring breeze is even blowing through the window and brushing against my cheeks.

Aah, I can't help it…

No way is the teacher in the next class gonna let me nap. I have to sleep while I have the chance.

I cross my arms on the desk and rest my head on them to sleep.

The classroom is noisy with chatter, but it bugs me less than I expected.

It's calming, if anything.

I've heard that babies are calmed by the sound of their mother's heartbeat, so maybe the classroom ruckus I've gotten used to over the years has come to have a similar effect on me.

*yaaawn*

I yawn and start to doze off.

…

Everyone sounds so excited.

The conversations just keep flowing.

The classroom is as noisy as ever.

…

Maybe a little too noisy, actually.

I don't mind it much, but the teacher in the next classroom over is gonna come running in here eventually.

Just as I think that…

Amidst all the noise…

*clack*

I hear a chair make a sound.

I look over.

It's the Class Rep, Tomoko Hoshina.

All the noise seems to make her stand up.

That's Class Rep for you.

She's probably going to scold the class.

That's what I think, at least, but…

Uh, what?

She grabs her workbook and pen case off of her desk and walks to the exit without a word.

*creak* *slam*

She leaves the classroom.

Hm?

Is she going to the bathroom?

No, she wouldn't have taken her stuff with her then.

Where could she be off to?

I follow her out to the hall.

Hey, hold it.

I call to her from behind.

…

She ignores me the first time.

Hey, Class Rep.

On the second attempt, she stops and turns to me.

…

Where are you going?

The library.

She sounds annoyed.

The library?

The classroom is too loud for me to focus, so I'm studying in the library instead.

She shows me her workbook.

You really don't have to go to the library for that. Besides, you're the Class Rep. You could just tell everyone to stop.

I feel like I'm in no position to say that, but I say it anyway.

I don't think I'm wrong, at least.

And in response…

You're such a moron…

She sighs.

They can do what they want during free study time. You can talk or study, it's not my problem.

I turn away and start walking.

That's pretty irresponsible for a class rep.

The Class Rep just does chores. The title doesn't mean anything.

She walks to the library.

…

What the hell?

Why's she being so cold?

It's like she seriously doesn't know how to be friendly.

School is over.

The formerly quiet school is now noisy with the voices of students.

Students holding their shoes are chatting as they get ready to leave.

I watch them out of the corner of my eye as I hold a broom in one hand and a dustpan in the other, sweeping the floor around the shoe racks.

I have cleaning duty today.

And because I unfortunately lost a game of rock-paper-scissors, I have to clean this whole area by myself.

*swish, swish, swish*

*swish, swish, swish*

Man, if I'd just picked rock, I'd be on my way home right now.

This sucks ass.

As if I can clean all of this on my own.

Whatever, I'll just half-ass it.

Take that, and that!

*swish, swish, swish*

Hiyaaah!

*swish, swish, swish*

Hraaaaaaaaaaaaah!

*SWISH, SWISH, SWISH, SWISH, SWISH, SWISH*

Alright, done!

*huff, huff, huff*

Well, that should be clean enough.

Now I just need the teacher to check.

This is fine, right?

I smile.

Not quite.

The teacher mercilessly shuts me down.

Why not?!

Look, I still see dust here and there.

Do you have to be so strict? You're not my mom.

I'm not that strict. It's pretty easy to see that you didn't try very hard. Get back to work.

Who cares? It's just gonna get dirty again anyway.

Stop arguing and start cleaning. You can't go home till you're done.

Tch…

Fine, fine, I get it. Here.

I sweep the areas he pointed out.

I collect dust in the dustpan.

Is that good?

No! Take this more seriously! Look, there's more over there!

Yeesh, fine. *swish, swish, swish*

Now over here.

(Gaaaaah, still?) *swish, swish* There, done!

Now over there.

Gah…

Now here.

Ggggh…

Now…

*huff, huff* I-I'm done now, right?

Well, it's somewhat clean now, I suppose.

Somewhat?!

Clean at least this much every time. You can go now.

Urrgh…

You know how much work that was? God…

I mutter so he can't hear.

It had gotten late.

Whoa, this late already?

Does that teacher have something against me or what?

Man…

Most of the students had gone home, leaving our classroom quiet.

Looks like I'm the last one out.

Or so I thought… When I walk over to the door…

Hey, are you listening?!

I hear a hysteric girl's voice from inside the classroom.

What?

I peek inside and see the Class Rep, Tomoko Hoshina. She's surrounded by three girls in the class.

What the hell are they doing?

Why so quiet? You gonna say something?!

One of the girls sounds aggressive.

…

But the Class Rep looks disinterested, as usual. She doesn't respond.

Your attitude really pisses me off. You think you're so special?

You think you're better than us, don't you?

…

Whatever's happening here, it's not good.

They're attacking her when she's not even doing anything.

Could this be…

…bullying?!

You've always pissed me off, but I just ignored you last year. And now we have to be in the same class again?

If we're gonna be in the same class, you better stop being so stuck-up!

You think you're so important just because you're kind of smart!

Yeah. Kind of.

Class Rep says, breaking her prolonged silence and looking up with a scoff.

She sneers.

You think my grades are only kind of better than yours? Don't be stupid.

Her calm voice stings them.

Wha?!

Taken aback, the three girls look at each other.

If you don't want people looking down on you, try improving yourself first.

Wh-Wha…?

Their shoulders quiver.

Class Rep looks fed up and sighs. She picks up her bag.

Spending time around you might make me stupid too. I have things to do, so I'll be going. Now move it!

She shouts, glaring at the girls.

The three girls twitch and scurry out of the way, completely intimidated by the Class Rep.

Class Rep casually walks between them, then coldly looks back.

Don't waste my time like this. I don't have as much free time as you do.

And with that, she turns to leave…

H-Hold it right there!

One of them finally gets a hold of herself and grabs the Class Rep's shoulder.

What?

Y-You can't talk to us that way…

They glower at each other.

They're like ice and fire.

Uh, oh crap.

Maybe I should stop them.

I run into the room.

Man, it's late! Oh, there are still people here?

I play dumb.

Fujita…

The girl that grabbed the Class Rep's shoulder looks at me and lets go.

What are you four up to? Walking home together? That's nice!

The three girls have guilty looks on their faces.

But the Class Rep tries to leave the classroom as if nothing had happened.

Hey, wait.

I call out to stop her.

She turns around.

I didn't ask for help.

Her voice is cold.

What?

Then she ignores me and leaves.

Didn't ask for help?

Meaning she didn't want me to walk into the classroom and stop a fight from breaking out?

I guess she saw right through my act.

…

What the heck?!

The three remaining girls all start to grumble.

Fifth period break…

We're moving to a lab for the next class.

But on my way there, I realize that I had forgotten my textbook in the classroom and hurry back.

*rattle*

Oh man, class is about to start… Huh?

I didn't think anyone would be there, but someone is sitting at a desk.

She's resting her head in her hand with her arm propped up on the desk and gazing out the window.

Class Rep?

She's lost in thought, but when I walk over and say something, she snaps back to reality.

Fujita…

*thud*

Right as she stands up, her notebook falls from the desk to the floor.

What are you doing here? Class is starting soon. We need to hurry to the lab.

I try to pick up her notebook for her.

Oh!

She yelps and reaches for the notebook.

However, before she can pick it up…

*flrrp*

The wind blows it open.

I can't believe my eyes for a moment.

There are insults written with colored pencils and markers.

It looks like a girl's handwriting, but it's rough.

Wh-What's this about?

H-Hey, give that back!

She snatches the notebook from me and hides it in her bag.

Did those girls write that?

I ask.

…

She lets out an exasperated sigh.

Yep.

Her answer is quiet.

Her eyes are a little red.

Class Rep, were you crying?

She bursts out laughing.

Stupid, like I'd cry over something so silly. I'm just appalled that they'd waste their time with this.

…

Really, though?

She looked pretty sad when I walked in and caught her sitting alone.

I always thought the people around here were childish, but I honestly didn't realize it was this bad.

…

I can't get along with these people. We can't even talk on the same level.

Class Rep…

Oh, look at the time. Class is gonna start soon.

She said while looking at the clock.

She puts away her textbook, documents, another notebook, and a pen case.

Let's hurry, Fujita. That teacher hates it when someone's late.

Hey, Class Rep.

I give her a sincere look.

Why are you looking at me like that?

Want me to say something to them?

What?

I can tell them to never do this again.

…

She slowly closes her eyes and sighs.

And then…

I told you I don't want your help.

She explains.

Why not?

You're meddling. This is my problem, not yours.

Why shouldn't it be my problem? We're in the same class. I even sit next to you.

…

You can't expect me to see something so awful and just do nothing.

The Class Rep gives me an annoyed look.

So what, you want to act like a hero? This is between me and them. Stay out of it!

She pushes her chair into her desk and turns to leave.

You don't have to try and look tough. It's better to have allies at times like these.

What?! And you're an ally? Don't tell me… You think they're bullying me?!

Seems pretty obvious.

She looks down and chuckles.

I was the one who picked on them first. I got to them so bad that they're ganging up on me now. The retaliation is awfully childish and weak, though.

Still, there's three of them and one of you.

There could be a hundred of those children and I still wouldn't be scared. Anyway…

She glares at me.

Your unwanted, unneeded kindness bugs me way more!

With that, she hurries away.

Uh, hey!

*rattle* *slam*

She shuts the door behind her, leaving me alone in the classroom.

I'm bugging her?

I mutter at the door when…

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

The bell rings to signal the start of class.

Oh crap.

I take my textbook out of the bag sitting on my desk and rush out of the classroom.

When I leave the school, the girl walking ahead of me has familiar braids.

It's Class Rep.

She's alone, as usual.

What should I do?

Maybe I can ask if she wants to walk home with me.

A. Ask to walk home together.

B. Don't.

Class Rep!

I smile.

Fujita?

Hey, want to walk home with me?

I act natural.

But she looks away and says…

I'd rather not.

She doesn't mince words.

I told you we're not friends.

Why do you have to be so cold? C'mon, we sit next to each other.

That has nothing to do with anything.

Ugh…

She's completely unapproachable.

The class rep ignores me and walks off.

Damn.

But I'm not about to give up.

I promptly give chase.

Hey, hold on.

I get next to her and grin.

However, the Class Rep acts like she doesn't even hear me.

She's being really stubborn.

I keep talking to her anyway.

Hey, why are you always alone? Don't have any friends to walk home with?

…

She doesn't answer.

You always leave school in a hurry, right? Got something urgent to take care of or what?

…

She doesn't respond.

If you've got the time, you and I could―

And then…

Enough already!

She finally runs out of patience and shouts at me.

I'm telling you that you're bugging me! Are you deaf?!

She glares at me.

I have no choice but to quit.

Sorry.

With that, I come to a stop.

The class rep keeps walking without turning back.

Haha, man…

All I can do is laugh.

I decide against it.

I watch the Class Rep leave.

She did just tell me recently that she didn't want me acting overly familiar with her.

She probably hates people who act that way.

Well, whatever.

We sit in adjacent seats, so we'll see more of each other than we could ever want.

Class ends and lunch break begins.

After grabbing something quick to eat, I lean back in my chair and rock it back and forth, staring absentmindedly at the ceiling.

…

I'm thinking about Class Rep.

Your unwelcome, unneeded kindness bugs me way more!

She's been putting up a stronger wall between herself and others ever since that incident.

She's bizarrely cold to everyone around her.

I sit next to her, and we're always around each other, so it's pretty obvious to me.

I try to talk to her, but she won't talk back.

She either ignores me or pushes me away.

If conversation is like a game of catch, she's tossing the ball right back to me and leaving.

Gah…

Screw her!

I'm done with her!

I have such thoughts a few times, but then I always remember her red, tearful eyes.

She had to have been crying.

She was sitting alone in that classroom, crying tears of frustration.

What could she have been thinking about as she gazed out the window?

She acted tough as usual, but it must have gotten to her.

I glance at the seat next to me.

Class Rep isn't there.

She always leaves the classroom when the bell rings for lunch.

Then, she comes back when lunch ends.

Presumably, she's eating somewhere else.

Alone, I assume.

What's wrong, Yuki?

Someone suddenly approaches me.

Oh, Akari.

What are you thinking about?

Oh, well, y'know…

Hm?

Hey, Akari…

Yes?

What do you think about Class Rep?

Hoshina?

Yeah. Weren't you in her class last year too? How was it being in class with her for a full year?

Well…

Akari thinks for a bit before answering.

I guess she's pretty smart. I hear she places in the top three in our grade on every test.

Huh, pretty impressive. Where's that info coming from?

From me.

Akari giggles.

You moron.

So what? Did something happen with Hoshina?

No, not really.

What?

She just doesn't seem to have many friends.

In response…

Yeah, you're probably right about that.

Akari nods.

Couldn't you be friends with her?

What?

Like you could eat with her and walk home together.

Yeah, I'd love to get to know her better if I could. I tried talking to her a few times, but…

Akari stops there.

She wouldn't talk to you?

Not really…

…

…

…

…

Alright.

I rise from my chair.

Where are you going?

Huh? To the bathroom.

Oh, I-I see.

The Class Rep's lack of friends was inevitable in some sense.

She's self-centered and uncooperative.

I'd say she got what she deserved, but this seems to be what she wanted anyway. It's a problem that she'd have to want to change.

Plus, it's not very nice that she looks down on others just because she gets good grades.

I can understand why that would upset people.

Honestly, she kind of pisses me off too.

And yet…

I can't seem to stop thinking about the sad look I saw on her face that day.

That incident with the notebook was a little cruel.

It's childish to scribble in someone else's notebook, but actually having that done to you would have to hurt.

They weren't joking around.

And I could guess who the culprits were.

It was probably those three girls.

I'd say something in support of her, but…

Your unwelcome, unneeded kindness bugs me way more!

She did say that to me.

Maybe it's better to stay out of it.

But Class Rep wasn't being honest.

She said that like it didn't affect her, but that doesn't mean it's how she actually felt.

Maybe she actually did want help.

Or maybe I was only seeing what I wanted to see.

Either way, I have to do something.

I've got it.

I haven't really talked to her since then. I'll find Class Rep and we can have a nice, long conversation.

I can probably get her to talk a little if I catch her while she's alone.

Where is she?

Probably not somewhere that many people hang out.

The courtyard?

Doesn't look like it.

Maybe I'll look elsewhere.

Could she be eating in the cafeteria?

No?

Not in the cafeteria either… Then that means…

Maybe the library.

Didn't I see her there once before?

Not here…

She's not here either?

Alright then…

Where else would the Class Rep go?

It comes to me on the stairs.

I've got it!

Maybe she's there.

I have no reason to believe she would be, but I run up the stairs with confidence.

*clack*

I open the heavy iron door to the roof.

Whoa!

Blinding sunlight makes me squint.

It's another day of nice weather.

The roof is like a world separate from the inside of the building.

The sun is warm and the wind is calm.

Mmmm…

It feels pleasant.

I stretch and yawn.

I feel like ditching the afternoon classes and sunbathing up here.

Wait, no.

I need to find the Class Rep.

The weather was so nice that I forgot what I came here for.

I look all around.

The school roof is surprisingly big.

There are a few groups of students eating lunch and playing catch.

As for the Class Rep…

Oh!

That girl with braided hair gazing off into the distance…

It's her.

Hey, Class Rep!

When I walk over to her, she notices me and turns around.

Fujita…

Her big, bespectacled eyes blink.

Hey, I was searching all around the school. I finally found you.

You were searching… for me?

She looks perplexed.

Obviously, who else would I have been looking for?

What do you want?

Nothing in particular. I just wanted to talk.

Talk?

Yeah, about whatever.

With this I can take my time getting to the main subject.

You searched the whole school for me just for that? That's stupid.

As she says that, she lets out a dismissive sigh.

I-It's not stupid.

She rests her hands on the wire mesh as she stares into the distance.

Then, she flatly states…

We have nothing to talk about.

That's her reply.

Well, that's about what I imagined she'd say.

Hey, don't be like that.

I uncomfortably smile and lean against the same wire fence.

…

The Class Rep gives me a perturbed look.

I grin with satisfaction.

Exasperated with me, she looks away again.

The spring breeze makes her bangs sway.

She has always been beautiful, but her air of ennui makes her look like a work of art.

I can't help but think so.

I wait for the wind to die down before speaking up.

Great weather, huh? Even the wind feels nice. Nothing like hanging out on the roof on days like this.

…

I squint and join her in gazing off into the distance.

The view from here is one of the few big benefits this school has, in my opinion. I mean, it's no surprise since it was built on top of a hill, but… It's quite a sight.

…

She doesn't respond.

She keeps staring in the same direction with little interest.

Hey, you think so too, right?

I try to force her to talk.

You come up here every day because you like this view, don't you?

Still mindlessly staring off into the distance, she says…

Not really.

She answers.

I hate how loud the classroom is during lunch, so I come up here to escape the noise. That's all.

Oh, huh.

I awkwardly smile.

That sounds typical of her.

The town really looks like a playset from up here. Makes people feel insignificant, y'know?

Like all the things we fret over are just silly.

You ever feel that way?

Not really.

…

…

Hmmm…

This isn't going anywhere.

I try again.

Y'know…

I'm about to change the subject when…

Ugh…

Heaving a deliberately loud sigh, she looks at me.

If you don't need something from me, can you go away?

…

I told you I came here to get away from noise. I just want to relax somewhere quiet.

Her cold eyes glare at me.

And having to go along with someone's idle chatter tires me out.

Well, sorry my chatter's so idle.

She's always harsh with me.

But I'll deal with it.

Sorry, then we can talk about something else.

If you won't go away, then I will.

With that curt statement, she turns to leave.

W-Wait.

I run over and grab her hand.

…

Can you just give me a moment? I want to tell you something.

Do you?

Yeah.

I nod firmly.

What?

So…

Let go of my hand first.

Oh, sorry.

I awkwardly smile and release her hand.

So?

Well, uh, y'know…

Spit it out.

She hurries me along in a blatantly dismissive tone.

Yeah, so…

I clear my throat.

I wouldn't let that stuff that happened bug you too much.

Her eye twitches.

She thinks for a moment.

What stuff?

She plays dumb.

With your notebook.

Oh, that?

Laughing quietly, she says…

No need to tell me. I don't care. In fact, I'd forgotten all about it till just now.

I know she's lying.

Even when it happened…

And just a moment ago…

The depression was written all over her face.

Is that all you had to say?

More or less.

What a waste of time.

She pushes her bangs back.

This is what you were so concerned with telling me? You are so dumb.

She sounds pretty exasperated.

Was it such a waste of time to mention? I don't think so.

Why?

You act like you're fine, but you're actually pretty depressed, right?

Depressed? Don't be ridiculous.

She scoffs.

This isn't even worth talking about. I don't care about their childish games.

Sorry, but that sounds like a lie to me.

I look out at the distant scenery.

A lie? Why would I lie?

Dunno, but it seems like you don't want anyone to see you vulnerable.

Vulnerable? What are you talking about?

Like when you're crying by yourself.

?!

She looks shocked.

I saw when you were looking out the window and crying. It was hard not to feel for you after that.

…

I still think about the look you had on your face then.

…

…

…

…

There's a moment of silence.

Hah!

She laughs in a sharp, derisive way.

Crying? Me? You must've imagined it. Maybe you saw me yawning.

…

I mean, that was just…

You don't have to hide it.

…

This is why I say you're lying.

…

Try relaxing a little. Nothing good's gonna come of insisting on being alone all the time.

…

…

A gentle breeze blows across the roof.

A few moments later, the Class Rep responds.

So what is it you really want to say?

Can you try being friendlier with people?

I smile.

If you can't start being friends with the whole class right away, you can start by being friends with me.

…

School's all about community.

…

It sucks having nobody to talk to when you're in trouble, right?

And you'll listen to me when I'm in trouble?

If you want me to.

She chuckles.

You idiot. In what world would I start telling a stranger about my problems?

It's not like we're total strangers.

We might as well be. You just happen to sit next to me. But you've been acting weirdly close to me lately.

…

We're fundamentally incompatible. I doubt we could ever be friends.

Y-You can't be sure about that.

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

The bell rings. We have five minutes until class starts..

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

The ringing ends.

After a few moments of silence…

What do you know anyway?

The Class Rep mutters.

You've been living in the same place with the same friends all your life, you…

What?

I couldn't hear the rest.

What was that?

…

What was it you were saying?

…

Hey.

What's wrong with being alone?

She glowers at me.

I'm doing more work for the class than the rest of you.

Well, you are the class representative.

I'm not hurting anyone! What's wrong with being alone?!

…

Also, I do have friends. You don't even know me. Don't act like you do.

…

I told you that I don't want your misguided kindness!

Well…

Quit acting like we're friends! We're not!

The Class Rep turns her back to me and leaves.

*tap, tap, tap*

Her footsteps sound kind of dry.

And eventually…

*creeeak* *slam*

The door makes a loud, clanging noise as it slams shut.

…

I'm alone on the roof.

A breeze sweeps past my feet.

The wind had been refreshing before, but now it feels oddly cold.

Ugh…

I sigh and slump my shoulders.

I just wanted to cheer her up.

Why'd it have to go like this?

Unpleasant as it is, I still try to talk to the Class Rep several times.

But she completely ignores me.

Sometimes, I'd make eye contact with her or wave to try and send signals, but nothing works.

She never responds.

She treats me like I don't exist.

Tch.

She couldn't make it less obvious that she's ignoring me.

She sits right next to me.

She's within arm's reach, but an ocean has opened up between us.

Gah, it's so uncomfortable.

I stroll down the hill until a girl walks past me from behind.

It's the Class Rep.

She keeps going without giving me a single look.

Is she ignoring me?

A. Hey, wait!

B. Hmph, I'll ignore her too.

Hey, wait!

I call out to her from behind.

But…

…

She ignores me and keeps walking.

I know she heard me.

Hah, trying to pretend I'm not here?

Then how about this?

I follow her from six feet away.

Hey, Class Rep.

I call her quietly this time.

But she doesn't answer.

I try again.

Heeey, Class Rep!

Again she ignores me.

Then maybe I can be friendlier.

Oh Tomokooo<rep rep_heart>

!

Oh, she turned around.

But then…

Shut up! Don't shout in that creepy voice!

She yells.

Then, she quickly looks away like she regrets what she did.

Oh, so you could hear me? Then don't ignore me.

She looks at me and sighs

What do you want?

She asks, a look of resignation on her face.

Nothing in particular. How about you just greet me when I talk to you?

Fine. Goodbye now.

She tries to leave.

Hey, wait a sec.

What? Is there more?

What the hell? You can't just say goodbye. Put more feeling into it.

Feeling? What feeling?

Make it sound friendlier.

I don't get it.

So you could say, like, 'Fujita, see you tomorrow!' Something like that.

You're an idiot.

She tries to leave again.

In that moment, I almost understand how Shiho felt when I was mean to her.

Hey, wait.

Smiling wryly, I walk over to her side.

I told you multiple times to not act like we're friends.

Why do you hate me so much?

I don't, I just don't like people following me around.

…

That makes me stop in place.

Hey, you're really just gonna be alone then.

Regardless of what I say, she keeps marching forward, never even bothering to look back over her shoulder.

Hmph, then I'll ignore her too.

I silently watch her leave.

All groups have at least a few people that don't want to communicate with everyone else.

I'm not the most sociable person myself.

But Class Rep is the least social person ever.

Well, trying to get close to this kind of person too aggressively can only backfire.

She'll just build an even stronger wall.

If only there was some way to help our relationship grow…

But that opportunity will never come without approaching her, and approaching her will just make her avoid me.

Hmmm…

What a dilemma.

What can I do?

I think about it until the Class Rep is out of sight.

We're moving to a lab for the next class.

Ugh, I hate how far they make us walk for this.

Why do we have to go over there every time anyway? We hardly ever do experiments.

Because it's easier for the teacher, obviously.

Oh, you think so?

What other reason could there be?

As we're walking down the hall, we pass some girls from our class.

Wary of who's watching, they enter an empty classroom.

Hm?

They're supposed to be coming with us, so why are they going back to the classroom?

Did they forget something?

Actually, wait…

Could it be…?

Is something wrong?

Well, those three…

The girls?

Masashi.

I hand my things to Masashi.

What?

Sorry, but can you take that to the lab for me? I think I forgot something.

What?

Nothing too important.

I return to the classroom.

My suspicion was right.

The three girls are doing something fishy at the Class Rep's desk.

Hey, how about this notebook?

She can just throw her notebooks away. Let's do a textbook.

I'm not sure that's a good idea.

It'll be fine. Not like they can figure out who wrote in it. Just change up your handwriting as much as you can.

So it should be meaner than last time?

Obviously! That didn't hurt her at all. Make it harsher.

Like how?

How should I know? Go with your gut. Just write whatever you think of.

Isn't this a little dark?

Whatever, you know who we're dealing with. With girls like that, hurting her spirit is gonna work best.

Hurting her spirit, huh?

Yep.

And what are you up to?

!

The girls instantly look up at me, startled by the sound of my voice.

Fujita…

Doesn't seem like you guys are up to any good.

Wh-Whatever, it's none of your business.

I think it is my business. That's my desk right there.

Uh, no, this is Hoshina's―

Moron!

She just incriminated herself. That didn't take much.

Right, that's the Class Rep's desk. So what are you doing there?

What?

N-Nothing.

Don't try to lie.

What are you getting at?

You're writing in her textbook like you did in her notebook before, right?

Wh-What are you talking about?

Don't play dumb.

I get closer.

I face off against the three girls.

From left to right, they are Okada, Matsumoto, and Yoshii.

Okada is strong-willed and the leader of the group. Matsumoto is passive and easily dragged into things. Yoshii is relatively understanding, so she acts as their mediator.

Those are the impressions I get from them, at least.

I don't want to waste time questioning them, so I get straight to the point.

You're the ones who wrote in her notebook, aren't you?

They look at each other.

Then, Okada glares back at me, Matsumoto looks back and forth at the other two in a panic, and Yoshii hangs her head with shame.

That clearly got a reaction from them.

It had to be their doing.

Wr-Wrote what?

Okada asks.

C'mon, you're still pretending? You're guilty. It's written all over your faces.

I-I don't know anything about any of this.

Matsumoto's voice trembles as she speaks.

…

Yoshii says nothing.

Be honest.

When I casually press them, they get even more nervous.

There's no use playing dumb at this point. I caught you red-handed.

Flustered, Matsumoto and Yoshii look at each other.

Okada, however, wouldn't give in.

She glowers at me in defiance.

So what if we did?

She asks.

You just want us to admit it?

Pretty much.

Then yeah, you're right. It was all us!

She doesn't get it when we talk to her, so we wrote it out for her in her notebook. Hopefully now she kind of understands!

O-Okada, stop!

Okada ignores Yoshii and keeps talking.

Is that good? Satisfied?!

…

Then answer my questions now. Why do you know about that? Did she tell you?

Nah, I happened to see it. She was trying to hide it. Anyone could guess you were the culprits.

Whatever.

Okada gives me a suspicious look.

Why are you on her side anyway?! Who'd side with that nasty, selfish girl?!

I'm not really siding with her. I just think you're going a little far.

Are we now?

Okada laughs.

What's the issue? This is nothing!

It's nothing?

Yeah! It's not like we beat her up or anything. We just wrote in her notebook. Just a little messing around.

Just messing around?

I get closer to Okada. Matsumoto and Yoshii back away.

How was that just messing around? I think it was despicable.

…

What reasonable high schooler writes insults on someone's things like that? That's elementary school stuff.

It's not like she listened when we talked to her. What are we supposed to do?

That's no excuse.

Y-You're focusing too much on this one thing! She's the one who started it. She thinks she's better than us.

So what? You're proving her right when you do this.

…

Well, whoever actually started it, you're the ones who escalated it to this point.

I think you're exaggerating. Notebooks aren't even 150 yen including tax nowadays.

It's not about money! Do you not get it?

I-It was just a joke. Don't take it so seriously.

Ugh…

I slump my shoulders and sigh.

Look, let me just tell you this.

I point at Okada.

Don't do this again. Alright? If you do, then…

Wh-What?

I'll make you pay.

I narrow my eyes.

Okada is so overwhelmed that she steps backward.

Wh-What the heck? Why are you―

Okada starts talking, but…

Enough already, Okada!

Yoshii stops her.

I think we're clearly in the wrong this time. Alright, Fujita, we won't do it again. We kinda overdid it. So…

Right.

You're not gonna do this again either, right, Okada?

Okada, let's stop already!

Matsumoto begs her too.

…

Okada is reluctant, but she has to back down.

She's obviously unhappy, but…

…Fine.

She agrees.

I know how it looks, but Okada probably regrets it too.

Yoshii backs her up.

I don't really care. I'm an outsider in all this. Anyway, could you just apologize to the Class Rep?

Wh-Why should I have to―?

Okada!

…

Yoshii gives her a stern glare. Okada pouts and looks away.

Got it. We'll say sorry.

Yoshii speaks for them.

Then, they leave the classroom in shame.

Phew…

Maybe it wasn't my place to do that. Was this a good idea?

I might've just made things even worse.

…

Well, I can deal with the consequences later.

What's done is done.

Hmmm…

But man, I keep acting without thinking.

I'm only realizing it now.

Whether that's good or bad can be a subject for another day.

I'm on my way home.

Oh, that's…

On my way down the hill, I see the Class Rep from behind.

She doesn't notice me.

What should I do?

A. Talk to her

B. Don't

She'll probably just ignore me or brush me off again.

But while I suspect as much, I still approach her to talk.

Hey, Class Rep.

Fujita…

She turns to me, her eyes as wary as usual.

Want to walk with me?

I smile, ready to be rejected.

And then…

…

After thinking for a bit…

Sure.

She answers.

Then she starts walking.

…

The unexpected response leaves me standing there with my mouth agape.

What's wrong? Are you coming or not?

Y-Yeah, coming.

I nervously jog over to Class Rep's side and start walking down the hill with her.

What a turn of events.

I was sure she'd just ignore me again.

Man, this is weird.

Some days bring surprises, I guess.

I observe her face from the side as we walk. Something about her seems a little different than usual.

Her ever-icy expression seems somehow more warm and pleasant.

Maybe something good happened to her.

After walking about the length of a telephone pole, something else unusual happens.

Fujita.

Wah!

Suddenly hearing my name automatically puts me on guard.

What kinda reaction is that?

Oh, uh, ignore that. Wh-What is it?

I just wanted to ask you something.

What?

Ask me something?

What could it be?

Well, whatever it is, it's very unusual for her to start a conversation with me.

Um…

Having some trouble getting the words out, she looks down at her feet.

I don't know if this has anything to do with you, but…

Hm?

Fujita, did you say something to those girls?

She looks me in the eyes.

…

I knew what she meant right away.

It had to be about what happened between me and those girls in the classroom.

But still…

Which girls?

I play dumb.

You know the three. Okada and her gang from our class.

So, I was right.

What should I do?

If I'm honest, she'll probably complain about me meddling again.

Playing dumb seems like the better move here.

What about them?

I keep acting ignorant.

And then…

Don't pretend. I can tell.

She laughs.

I knew it. You told them to say sorry, didn't you?

She looks at me like she saw right through my lies.

…

There's no use trying to play dumb now.

Oh well, I surrender.

Well, that's more or less what happened. But how'd you know?

All three of them just came and said sorry about what they did to my notebook.

Huh.

It didn't look like they felt especially bad about what they did when they left, but I guess they actually apologized.

Maybe they're more reasonable than their childish behavior lets on.

Well, one of them didn't seem so on board, though.

Haha, that's almost certainly Okada.

She kept complaining to the very end.

I can't imagine they'd say sorry on their own. It had to be you or someone else who pushed them into it.

She lets out a deliberately loud sigh.

I told you this was none of your business. Why didn't you listen?

W-Well, what's the issue?

I smile and try to justify myself.

They probably felt bad enough to apologize either way. It's not like I made them do it.

…

They had to have at least felt kind of bad about the childish thing they did.

Obviously.

She scoffs. I hear anger in her words.

That's not something high schoolers do.

Oh, Class Rep, are you mad at them? Didn't you say you didn't care before?

I-I'm not really mad.

Heheh.

I look away and try to stifle a laugh.

She isn't as prickly as she usually is today.

Having her problems with the three girls taken care of must have cheered her up.

She's letting her real feelings show. I feel like that proves she's less guarded now.

When observing her like this, her personality is surprisingly easy to figure out.

She tries to act cool, but she actually has intense emotions that she can't hide.

She seemed pretty mature to me until a moment ago, but now she comes across differently.

We aren't that different.

We are the same age, after all.

Realizing that makes me feel closer to her than before.

I can't help but smile.

Hm?

The Class Rep looks confused.

Well, anyway, good for you. Best to be on good terms with people.

It's not like I'm their friend now.

She says, letting out a huff as she speaks.

But at least I shouldn't have to deal with their nonsense anymore.

Can you never be honest with yourself?

Did you just say something?

Don't worry about it.

I play dumb.

Hey, Class Rep, you want to go somewhere with me today?

Where?

Anywhere, really. Somewhere we can sit and get something to drink.

The Class Rep thought for a moment.

I don't have time today.

She answers.

But if I did have the time, I would've been up for something.

Yeah?

Time, huh?

Maybe I should've spent less time meandering around at school.

Darn, too bad.

Well, we can hang out some other time.

Really? Alright, it's a deal.

But you're paying.

Man, are you that cheap?

That's how it goes.

Fine, whatever.

Alright.

Oh!

What?

You just smiled, didn't you?

Huh?

I'm pretty sure you did.

Y-Yeah, I smile sometimes.

But this is the first time I've seen it.

W-Well, maybe I haven't smiled around you.

Heh heh heh.

Wh-What?

I was just thinking that it was a long road to get here.

…

But that smile was worth it.

She blushes.

Wh-What an embarrassing thing to say. Ridiculous. I'm going home!

She hurries to the train station.

See you tomorrow!

I smile and wave.

I'll just not.

It's hard to talk to her after how we parted ways last time.

Still, we'll never move forward if I don't do something.

I at least have to talk to her.

I know that, but…

The Class Rep thinks for a moment.

Will you pay?

She stares at me.

Man, are you that cheap?

That's how it goes.

Fine, whatever.

Alright.

Oh!

What?

You just smiled, didn't you?

Huh?

I'm pretty sure you did.

Y-Yeah, I smile sometimes.

But this is the first time I've seen it.

W-Well, maybe I haven't smiled around you.

Heh heh heh.

Wh-What?

I was just thinking that it was a long road to get here.

…

But that smile was worth it.

She blushes.

E-Enough being silly, let's go. There's no time to waste.

Yeah, got it. Then we're going to Yac.

What's Yac?

YacDonald's.

You call it Yac?

Everyone knows that Yac is YacDonald's.

Yac is short for Yacintosh computers though.

Yeah, it's also that, but still…

Then how are you supposed to distinguish them?

If I say 'Let's go to Yac,' you can assume I'm not talking about computers.

But if someone says 'I bought a Yac yesterday,' you wouldn't necessarily know which it is.

Yeah, but…

It's just more efficient not to use the same term for different things.

Our frivolous debate drags on.

Man, I get to go to Yac with you and this is how it goes?

Stop calling it that!

…

Well, yesterday's enemy is today's friend.

Friendship can sprout from conflict, right?

It's fourth period. We're in English class.

Which of the following vocabulary words means…

My tired eyes gaze out the window.

*sigh*

It's the peak of spring and the weather is phenomenal.

Another tranquil day.

On days like these, I could fall asleep if I'm not careful.

Gentle wind blows through a window, further tempting me to sleep.

…

Uh oh…

My eyelids are getting heavier.

So this here…

*scrtch, scrtch*

The teacher reads from the text, and the sound of chalk against the blackboard lulls me like a lullaby.

I sleepily look around and find that I'm not the only one on the verge of dozing off.

Some yawn with their heads down, and some are even fast asleep already.

Given the circumstances…

What difference would it make if I took a nap too?

*yaaawn*

When I let my guard down and let out a big yawn…

!

I have the back luck of making eye contact with the teacher.

Oh crap!

I frantically stifle the yawn and shut my mouth, but it's too late.

Fujita!

Ugh…

I reflexively hide my face behind my textbook.

Too late, I heard that yawn. Stand up!

Ugh…

The class laughs at me as I rise from my chair.

Damn.

They sure seem awake now.

Translate the sentence I just described. You should be able to if you're prepared.

Y-Yes, well…

I smile tensely.

Man…

My seat number wasn't scheduled to be called on today, so I'm not ready.

Read the following vocabulary word aloud and then define it for the class.

Um, 'pernicious.' That means…

Uh…

Pernicious…

It doesn't sound like a nice word…

It's definitely an adjective…

Does it mean "picky"?

What the hell?

Get on with it.

God damn it.

I have no idea.

Can anyone help me?

Masashi? He's too far away.

Akari? Also far away.

Err…

Maybe I'll just bet on the first thing that comes to mind.

What's wrong? Give up?

Uhhhhh…

I'm about to give it a shot when…

The Class Rep casually hands me a piece of paper from the next seat over.

She'd written what seems to be a definition.

Oh, thank god!

I can use this.

Having a harmful effect, especially in a gradual or subtle way..

Alright, that took longer than it should have, but you got it. Sit down.

Phew…

I sit down and sigh.

I was saved.

The Class Rep doesn't fail to impress.

Apparently, her answer was perfect.

I look at the piece of paper again.

The pretty handwriting is written faintly with a mechanical pencil.

The mechanical pencil seems to use hard lead.

I cover my mouth with my hand.

Thanks.

I whisper.

…

Rather than answer, she holds another piece of paper out to me.

What?

I take it and unfold it.

'You don't even know what pernicious means? How are you going to pass the class?'

…

Ugh…

She always has to be harsh.

My bad.

When I say that…

…

She looks right at me and giggles.

It's lunch time.

After quickly finishing my usual boring lunch-sandwiches from the student store and a café au lait-I leave the classroom and head to the roof.

As soon as I step outside, blinding sunlight strikes me.

Hmmm…

With nice weather like this, she's got to be around here somewhere.

I look around.

Oh, there she is.

I quickly spot the back of someone who seems to be the person I'm looking for, and as I get closer, I call out to them.

Hey, Class Rep!

Fujita…

She looks surprised.

It looks like she had just finished her lunch too.

Hey, eating on the roof again?

What do you want?

Rather than answer my question, she responds coldly, as usual.

Still, in that coldness, I hear something friendlier than before.

Nothing in particular.

What?

I just wanted to thank you for the help in English class.

What, is that all?

She lets out a small laugh and leans against the wire mesh.

I wasn't trying to help, really. I hate when people waste the class's time.

She squints and stares into the distance.

You don't have to be such a jerk about it.

Hehe.

She laughs.

It's a soft laugh.

A breeze blows through.

It tousles her bangs and makes the hem of her skirt flutter.

…

It's just an ordinary moment of an ordinary day.

But it's oddly picturesque.

We both fall silent for some reason.

It's not a suffocating silence, but a natural one.

The Class Rep smiles and gazes down at the town.

I observe her face from the side.

After a fairly long silence, Class Rep suddenly speaks up.

I'm tired of fretting over nonsense.

She says.

What?

I ask her to repeat herself.

It's like something you said before.

Me?

The town really looks like a playset from up here. Makes people feel insignificant, y'know?

Like all the things we fret over are just silly. …You said that, right?

Yeah, I think so.

But it was just the first thing that came to mind when I was trying to cheer her up.

I laughed at how goofy that sounded at the time, but I feel the same way, if I'm being honest.

…

Whenever I'm feeling down, I tend to come up here and enjoy the view.

I see…

It's a tiny town with tiny buildings with tiny windows, and its people are even tinier than that. We're like specks.

That does make any individual's problems feel meaningless.

…

When I think about how my sadness is as small as these specks, I feel ridiculous for getting down over nothing.

Makes sense.

I nod.

Nothing much to gain from worrying about the little things.

Sorry, were you just trying to copy my accent?

Not bad, right?

Not even close, stupid.

Well, how does it sound when you say it?

'Nothing much to gain from worrying about the little things.'

That's totally how I sounded!

Ahaha, maybe.

We laugh.

We're getting along weirdly well.

That night…

On my way home from returning a video to the rental store I frequent…

I see a girl in our school's uniform outside the arcade.

She's playing the crane game with a serious look on her face. When I look closer, it turns out to be the Class Rep.

Huh.

Class Rep seems so serious and uptight. I'm surprised to see her playing at the arcade.

Maybe there's some prize she wants.

But still…

I check a nearby clock for the time.

It's 9:15.

This is no time for high schoolers to be hanging around in their uniforms.

Presumably, this was a stop on her way home, but what's she doing out so late?

Then I remember something Shiho said once.

I know how she looks, but there are some surprisingly dark rumors about her.

Apparently, people see her out late in her school uniform every night. Just the other day, she was spotted out late with a boy.

I saw it too though. It was in front of the station. Hoshina was wearing a nice outfit and was taking a selfie with some handsome old guy.

Can you believe that?! It's like I found proof that the rumors were true.

But that being said, it's kinda normal for girls nowadays. Maybe it's how she de-stresses after studying so hard and stuff.

Shiho is a walking rumor mill, so I don't particularly trust the things she says. Still, now that I'm looking at Class Rep in an arcade, I'm a little curious.

What's really going on?

Well, I won't learn anything from just thinking about it.

She's right there, so I can just talk to her and clear things up.

With that thought in mind, I'm about to approach her from behind when…

The Class Rep starts kicking the machine like she's upset that she couldn't get the prize..

Whoa!

My eyes go wide.

How crass!

A young man that seems to work at the arcade runs over.

Y-You can't do that, Miss.

Then, she rips into him.

What the heck?! Even when the claw grabs it, it falls out! This is impossible!

I-It's not impossible.

Yes it is! This claw's absurdly weak! How are you supposed to get a prize with this?

I-It can be done. A lot of customers have done it, actually.

Liar! I haven't seen a single person do it.

We do have to replace the prizes, so someone must get them.

Then you try it! If you can get a prize, I won't complain.

Th-That's ridiculous.

Ridiculous?! You just said it's possible! What's ridiculous is that you're cheating people out of their money with this impossible game!

Al-Alright, then I can give you the prize you were trying to get.

You think giving me a prize is enough to make me shut up and leave?!

N-No, that's not my intention.

The employee is thoroughly distressed.

Class Rep is being super immature.

Unable to sit back and watch, I get in between them.

Alright, let's try and relax.

Fujita…

Stunned, she whispers my name.

Haha, sorry. She's got a short temper. So, uh, can she get that prize. She'll leave quietly then.

Hey, Fujita! Stay out of it!

With Class Rep yelling at me, the arcade employee promptly took out a huge bear plushie, and handed it to me.

I hope this one prize is enough.

Oh, yeah, thanks.

The employee bows and flees back into the arcade.

Once we were alone, Class Rep says…

Hey, Fujita, what's the big idea?!

Y'know, there's nothing wrong with wanting to win, but complaining when you lose is a bad look.

I didn't lose. That machine's just rigged.

You lost when you failed to distinguish between which games are winnable and which ones aren't.

Ugh…

You should be able to figure out if a machine's gonna pay out after one try. If it doesn't look like it is, stop immediately. That's pretty basic.

Yeah, but the prize I wanted was only in that machine.

Then just give up.

They don't sell these at regular stores. If I didn't win it now, someone else could have won it tomorrow.

What's so great about this ugly bear anyway?

I hold the prize right in front of my eyes.

I'm not sure either, honestly. When I couldn't get it with the first hundred yen, it made me want it really bad.

How much did you end up spending?

Around two-thousand yen, I think.

Man, what a waste of money. If some store was selling that bear for two-thousand yen, would you have bought it?

Pr-Probably not.

Right?

Th-That argument only works in hindsight. If I'd known at the start that I would've ended up spending two-thousand yen, I never would've tried.

I just happened to have three-hundred yen on hand and figured I'd give it a shot. When I couldn't get the prize I wanted, it made me mad and I couldn't stop.

You could've just stopped after three-hundred yen.

Yeah, you can say that now! At the time, I thought maybe the next hundred yen would get it. I didn't want that three-hundred yen to go to waste, so I didn't want to leave with nothing.

Classic example of the sunk cost fallacy. Well, the same thing has happened to me, so I get it.

You've had a similar experience?

You could say that.

With the same machine?

Just between you and me, I've got a dog plushie that cost twelve-thousand yen.

Twelve-thousand?! You could build a house with that kinda money!

No you can't!

So where do you get off criticizing me when you've made the same mistake?

I'm just relaying what I learned.

So if a store was selling that dog plushie for twelve-thousand yen…

I wouldn't buy it, no.

Well, knowing that you're that dumb makes me feel a little better.

Tch, I shouldn't have said anything.

We laugh.

After a brief pause…

So, Class Rep, why are you out so late?

I ask what I was curious about to begin with.

…

In that instant, her face darkens slightly.

What?

Maybe I shouldn't have asked.

You haven't been home yet, have you?

She still has her school uniform on, so I'm probably right.

Don't tell me you've been hanging out at the arcade this whole time.

She hangs her head and doesn't answer.

Why's she being so quiet?

Does she not want to answer the question?

Can you not tell me where you were? Were you at a boyfriend's place or something?

I tease.

Why would that be it?

She finally responds.

You're not dating anyone?

Nope.

How could that be? You're smart and pretty enough to get a boyfriend or two if you wanted.

Who needs two?

Fair point.

And who are you to talk?

She suddenly strikes back.

Me? Haha, well…

Aren't you pretty close with Kamigishi and Nagaoka? Couldn't you get with either of them?

We don't have that kind of relationship.

How the hell did we get on this subject?

We're getting off topic. What I wanted to know is why you're staying out so late.

I force the conversation back on track.

Now it feels like I'm the one being evasive.

Class Rep pauses for a bit, then sighs.

With an exhausted look…

For cram school.

She answers tersely.

Cram school?

Yeah, I go four times per week.

I see, cram school.

I'm a bit relieved.

Then why hide it?

I wasn't trying to hide it. I just didn't want to be reminded of unpleasant stuff.

What happened?

She shakes her head.

It was nothing serious.

…

…

…

…

The conversation comes to a halt.

It's a sort of a painful silence.

I come up with something else to talk about.

Hey, so you take the train, right? I can walk to the station with you.

…

I'm sure fate brought us together tonight. We could keep chatting while―

I've got a better idea, Fujita…

She interrupts me.

Hm?

If you've got time, why don't we talk somewhere quiet?

What?

Her suggestion surprises me.

I'm a little unsure.

I-I guess I could.

In that case…

But are you sure you have time? It'll be 10 or 11 by the time you get home. Do you have a curfew?

No.

Oh, wow. Your family must be pretty hands-off. I'd think your dad would get pretty pissed about it.

I don't have a dad.

What?!

It's just me and my mom.

Oh…

Right, I think Shiho said something about this.

Sorry.

It's fine. I say I don't have a dad, but he's not dead or anything.

Her lips curl into a wry smile.

My parents are just divorced. He's fine.

Oh, yeah, alright.

Maybe I should've put that differently.

She grins.

We arrive at the park.

We're planning to stop at whatever restaurant might still be open, but we end up walking all the way here.

The park is, of course, empty and silent by now.

The street lamps glow white.

Here.

I buy two cans of coffee from a vending machine and toss one to Class Rep.

Oh…

I got it hot. Do you like it hot?

Yeah.

We crack the cans open.

She holds hers in both hands and touches her lips to the steaming opening.

I watch her sip coffee as I gulp mine down.

Spring is almost over.

Even the latest-blooming cherry blossoms have lost their petals. The night breeze is warm.

It's warm enough that cold coffee might've been nice, but we're both in the mood to slowly sip on hot coffee.

We stop talking, and time seems to pass slowly.

We can hear the commotion of the night in the distance.

The sounds of cars…

Of rustling leaves…

We're alone together on this spring night.

My heart thumps strangely fast.

Haha.

I break the silence with an unintended laugh.

What?

Well, I was just thinking that a young guy and girl silently sipping coffee together must look kinda silly.

Hehe, well, you're right about that.

We're both about halfway finished with our coffees.

You said you go to cram school four times per week? Sounds hard.

It's normal if you're planning to go to college.

I only really study before tests.

You do seem like that kinda person.

Do you always go home this late?

Most of the time, I guess.

You live a rough life. Don't have much time for fun, do you?

Not so much, no.

I figured.

There's no way she could be screwing around at night.

Those rumors were probably just lies, after all.

It sounds like your life is nothing but studying. That has to be stressful.

…

Alright.

I'm gonna do something for her.

I toss back the rest of my coffee, then…

Hey, Class Rep, sit down over there.

I point to a bench.

What?

Just do it.

I push her over to the bench and basically force her to sit down.

Then, I got behind her and put my hands on her shoulders.

Fujita?

She tries to turn around, but I stop her.

Sit still.

Umm?

You have to be exhausted from studying constantly. I'll massage your shoulders for you.

What?! You really don't have to do that.

Oh, just let me do it. I need to repay you for helping me in class.

That wasn't a big deal.

I'm sure I don't look like it, but I give a pretty good massage. I'm an expert, heh heh heh.

Y-You just made it sound even worse somehow…

Despite her initial hesitance, I eventually manage to win her over with my usual enthusiasm.

Her shoulders are more narrow than they looked.

It feels like too much force could break her. I'm careful not to hurt her.

You're awfully stiff, Miss.

…

Yeah, really stiff. Most high school girls don't have shoulders like this.

R-Really?

Maybe. I wouldn't know.

What the heck?

She's tense at first, but her shoulders eventually relax.

Now she's calm and letting my hands work.

So do you go to the arcade often?

I ask as I rub her shoulders.

Sometimes. Just when I have time to kill. I went with my old friends pretty often back before I moved though.

You're from Kobe, right?

Yeah. There was a girl who loved this stuff. She filled her whole room with plushies.

She closes her eyes and reminisces.

Hmph.

Wow.

People accuse her of being so serious and uptight, but she has fun in the same ways as girls like Shiho.

I guess that makes sense.

She's just a normal girl too.

Anyway, I got to see a different side of you today. That was nice.

I chuckle.

What do you mean?

Like when you got pissed off at the arcade.

W-Well, yeah, I was mad.

I thought you were the kind of person who's always calm and collected.

I-I was just in a bad mood today.

She blushes and hangs her head low.

In a bad mood, huh? Oh yeah, didn't you say something bad happened?

…

What happened?

…

She doesn't answer.

It doesn't seem like she wants to talk about it.

That's fine.

I don't want to pry.

I'll just not mention it again.

However, no sooner do I think that than…

My test scores fell.

She murmurs.

What?

I dropped in the rankings for our practice exams at cram school.

By how much?

A lot.

Really?

I can't imagine what "a lot" means to her.

But she still has to be higher than me or Shiho.

I'm sure you're just in a slump. You'll be fine next time. You're smart.

I knead her shoulders hard.

Well, I've had a lot on my mind lately and it's been hard to study.

You mean like the stuff with the notebook?

That was nothing. It's something more…

More?

More what?

Is something bothering you?

She nods.

Well, it's pretty basic.

She sighs.

What is it? Maybe I can help.

I keep massaging.

Mn…

C'mon, you can tell me anything.

I say, still rubbing her shoulders.

…

She closes her eyes and thinks for a while before whispering.

I want to go back to Kobe.

Her voice is so weak that I barely hear her.

My hands stop.

I'm tired of living here.

She looks as tired as she claims to be.

She looks down and hugs the bag in her lap.

Bathed in the glow of the street lights, her back looks strangely delicate and fragile.

…

I had gotten the feeling that she wanted to go home to Kobe before.

But I didn't realize it was weighing on her this much.

What do you like so much more about Kobe?

A lot of things.

Like what? Do you feel bad that you sound different from people here?

There's that, but I can't explain exactly what it is that I don't like. I just don't feel like I fit in here in general.

Yeah, that doesn't explain much.

It's hard to put into words.

After a moment of silence, she continues.

But the biggest reason is that I can't see my close friends anymore.

Your friends?

Yeah. It's hard to be alone. You need some friends to support you.

Agreed.

I never felt that way at the time, but I really miss them now that they're gone.

I'm sure you talk to them on the phone, right?

When I do, all it does is make me feel lonelier.

I see.

…

…

This is getting kind of depressing.

So are these friends girls? Or guys?

Why do you want to know?

I'm just curious.

Well, there are both girls and guys.

Is there a boyfriend?

N-No, I told you I don't have a boyfriend.

Really, though? You're getting kinda flustered.

I-I am not…

Trailing off, Class Rep looks down as if embarrassed.

You're blushing.

I tease, hoping to get a reaction out of her. Then…

I don't have a boyfriend, but there was a guy I liked.

She says it matter-of-factly.

Oh, huh.

…

I want to tease her.

I want to crack a joke to lighten the mood.

But I can't speak.

My parents abruptly got divorced right before I took high school entrance exams. I ended up with my mom, so I was forced to move here with her.

…

I was supposed to attend a high school in Kobe, but at the last minute, we ended up settling on the school I'm at now.

Oh, I see.

I always wondered why such a good student was attending our school, but that makes sense.

She had no choice because she moved.

It all happened so fast that I didn't have time to emotionally process things before Mom took me here to start my new life.

I still always wonder why I have to be here.

…

But what's kept me going is what that boy I'm friends with said at our middle school graduation.

What'd he say?

He said to come back after I graduate high school so we can go to the same college.

Heheh, that almost makes me jealous.

I only even started talking to you because he told me I should.

What?

When I told him about you on the phone, he got mad and said I ought to be friendlier with you.

…

He said he was sure you're a nice guy.

He sounds smart.

He can be overconfident about these things. He's a little like you in that way.

She smiles.

To be honest, I was feeling jealous.

When she talked about him, the look on her face was one I'd never seen before.

It was clear how much she cared about this guy.

Honestly, something about it bothered me.

So I'm planning to at least go to college there. If I get accepted, I can commute from my dad's place and hang out with my friends again.

…

That's why I can't let my grades slip. The school I'm trying to get into is pretty selective.

Honestly, it'll be hard getting into it from this high school. If I was only as good as the rest of you, they'd never accept me.

And that's why you do nothing but study?

…I have to.

And when you're too stressed, you blow off steam at the arcade? It's like you're sacrificing your high school life for this university.

That's fine.

Feels kind of sad to me.

This is how it is for anyone trying to go to college.

…

It's hard for everyone, not just me.

Maybe she's right.

She's on her own path.

But it's not for me.

Well, whatever your goal is, you're doing your best. I just spend my days doing whatever, so I have to respect it.

I'm not really that great.

No, I know you're doing the best you can.

…

So, here's a reward.

I start massaging again.

Geez, enough already.

However, I continue.

M-Massages can be addictive. You shouldn't overdo it.

It does look like you're enjoying it. C'mon now.

I keep rubbing her shoulders.

Ahhh…

She exhaled, sighing despite herself.

Oh, that was sexy.

Hey…

Well? Feel good?

Wh-What the hell?

How about here? Does it feel good here?

Ngh…

I keep at it,

still massaging her shoulders.

Then, after massaging her in silence for a while…

I lower my voice and whisper.

Hey, Class Rep.

Yeah?

Studying hard is all well and good, but you could try making some friends too.

…

There will always be some people you just don't vibe with, but you've got to at least try.

…

You can start by getting to know my friends, like Akari and Masashi. They're good people, and I think they're easy to get along with.

Akari even said she wanted to get to know you.

She did?

Yeah. You're smart and pretty. She thinks you're cool.

…

There's also Shiho, but I couldn't entirely recommend talking to her.

Both Shiho and Class Rep have egos, and I feel like they'd end up clashing.

Actually, maybe they'd get each other. They could be best friends. But probably not.

Anyway, just talk to people more. You can't be so gloomy all the time. That's how you get nasty rumors about you.

I finish and wait for her to speak.

Like those rumors about how I'm screwing around with boys at night?

She gives me a dry smile.

What?

That's what people say about me.

She sounded irked.

A boy at my cram school from another high school told me.

From another high school?

The rumors spread that far?

He thought they were real and begged me to hang out with him.

What happened with that?

He just wouldn't take no for an answer, so I ended up whacking him in the face with my bag.

That's kind of extreme.

But I was relieved to hear it.

So it is just a rumor, right?

I ask with a goofy grin.

She looks away.

Actually, I…

She whispers.

What?

Well, would you believe me if I said they were true?

N-No way.

She giggles

Hehe, but they could be true, for all you know. If I asked to sleep at your house tonight, what would you do?

Don't be silly.

What if I'm being serious?

…

She stares right at me.

Why's she asking this?

She's waiting for an answer.

A. Then come with me.

B. Don't tease me.

Then come with me.

I respond.

You sure?

If you want to. Thankfully, there's nobody else at home.

I stared right back at her.

…

…

Pfft, you're so dumb. You know I was kidding. But is that really what you're like? You would just invite anyone over?

Nah, not anyone. But you can come if you want.

…

I was serious about that, but only because it's you.

…

…

…

…

It feels like time's passing more slowly than usual, but only for the two of us.

I wasn't kidding.

I say.

And then…

…What if I told you I wasn't joking either?

She asks, her expression serious.

In that case…

…

I'd have to get mad for real.

…

…

After a brief silence…

Sorry.

She whispers.

I figured you'd say something like that.

Oh?

You're the only one around here who will seriously criticize me to my face.

…

She smiles shyly.

Hehehe, sorry. That was a silly thing to say.

…

I was just joking around.

R-Right.

…

…

Maybe I'm being a bit weird today.

…

Maybe I am too.

My heart's pounding like crazy.

And my head's tingly.

Am I nervous?

Class Rep eventually gives me an awkward smile.

Th-This has gotten weird.

So what's actually the truth then? Those rumors are fake, right?

Of course. I don't have time for any of that.

I figured as much.

Getting a clear answer is relieving.

Gah…

I always knew those rumors were fake anyway.

I should've known better than to put any stock in Shiho's info.

She needs to quit spreading misinformation.

After that, I walk Class Rep to the station.

Sorry to keep you out so late.

It's fine.

Well, bye.

She turns to leave.

Oh, wait.

I stop her.

Hm?

You said something about how you didn't really realize how important your friends were to you until you moved here, right?

What? Yeah.

So, wouldn't that mean that being close to people can make it hard to see things clearly?

What are you saying?

Maybe you're already close to your soul mate, and you don't realize it.

…

Well, that's all. Bye.

Okay, bye.

Oh, wait!

What?

If you get home too late and the door's locked, you really can stay at my place.

Got it, bye.

Yeah, see you later.

The Class Rep walks into the station.

It really was a coincidence, running into her.

And now I feel closer to her than ever.

I thanked whatever it was that blessed me with this encounter tonight.

Now, what to do when I get home?

I'm strolling down the hallway when…

Hey, hold it!

Someone shouts at me from behind.

Huh?

I turn around and see some familiar girls glaring at me.

From what I can remember, they're in Akari's class.

What?! You could've at least taken my place today!

One of the girls says.

Wha?

Take her place doing what?

I have no idea what she's talking about.

Eventually, I realize I was mistaken.

They seem to be talking to the girl in front of me.

What a silly misunderstanding.

I said wait!

The girl ahead of me turns around. She has glasses and braided hair.

The other girls run past me and toward her.

The girl with glasses sighs as if annoyed.

…?!

…

…?!

…

They're arguing about something.

I pass by them from the side and pick up on the end of the conversation.

Fine, whatever! I'm never asking you for anything again!

One of the three girls shouts.

You only care about yourself. That's why you don't have any friends!

The girl with glasses looks fed up.

…

She turns and walks away down the hall.

What a jerk!

She really doesn't know how to get along with anyone.

It was dumb of me to ever think she'd help!

The three girls grumble as they turn around and start walking back in my direction.

We pass each other by.

I just witnessed a bit of a cat fight.

The instant I leave the classroom, I nearly run into a girl.

Oops.

*TMP*

I manage to avoid a collision by quickly stepping out of the way, but the girl glowers at me.

Ngh…

I can't help but feel a little intimidated.

The harsh eyes framed by her glasses, the braids…

Wait…

I think I've seen this girl before.

Oh, right.

I saw her in the first floor hallway yesterday.

She was arguing with three girls, I think?

S-Sorry.

I scratch my head and apologize. The girl looks away and passes by me like nothing happened.

She seems pretty tough.

I put my shoes on and am about to leave the building when…

Hiroyuki.

Someone suddenly calls my name from behind.

Hm?

I turn around and see Masashi.

You're alone?

Yep.

Then let's walk home together.

Fine with me, but don't you have practice?

I wanted to go home and grab some clothes first.

Oh.

One sec.

Masashi grabs his shoes from the shoe rack and puts them on.

The long shoelaces make them look annoying to wear.

These shoes are a pain to put on.

Then get something more simple. Those don't really work in Japan when we have to take our shoes off and then put them back on all the time.

Haha, maybe you're right.

Masashi ties his shoes as he laughs.

Man, hurry up.

I go outside before he finishes.

Then, I wait for a minute.

It hasn't been long since going outside, but it sure feels like it.

Hey, you ready yet?!

Almost.

I'm getting kind of fed up.

At last, he finishes tying his shoes and stands up.

He walks toward me.

Man, he took forever.

Alright, I'm gonna get him back a little.

I hide behind a pillar and wait.

I hear his footsteps grow closer.

Three…

Two…

One…

Alright!

A. Shout to startle him.

B. Karate chop!

I take a deep breath.

Heeey!

I shout as loud as I could.

But…

?!

Ack!

The person I shouted at wasn't even Masashi.

I-I had the wrong person?!

You're late!

I catch him off guard and deliver a karate chop to his head.

*thwack*

But…

!

Ack!

The person I hit… It's not Masashi.

I-I got the wrong person?!

I struck a girl that was just passing by!

I didn't hit hard, of course, but that doesn't solve the problem.

H-How can I explain myself?!

The upturned eyes beneath her glasses, the braids…

I've seen this girl before.

Uh, where do I know her from?

If I remember right…

Wait, I don't have time for all this thinking.

I've never seen this girl before.

The upturned eyes beneath her glasses, the braids…

She seems kind of serious.

Wait, I don't have time for all this thinking.

First I need to apologize.

S-Sorry, uh, I thought you were someone else.

She gives me a look.

It's more of a glare, really, and a pretty harsh one at that.

Ngh…

It's the most piercing stare I've ever experienced.

That was an accident. My bad.

I awkwardly smile when…

Sorry I took so long, Hiroyuki!

Masashi finally shows up.

Wh-What kept you?

Sorry, my shoes got untied.

This is all your fault.

Wh-What?

Masashi gives me a confused smile.

Then, I notice that the girl is gone.

What?

Where'd she go?

I look around.

She was just exiting through the school gate.

She left without turning back.

I hadn't even apologized yet.

…

She wasn't terribly friendly.

She seemed to be a freshman like me though.

Yuki!

Someone calls my name from behind.

I don't even have to look to know who it was.

Only one person called me Yuki.

Wait, let's walk home together.

Akari walks right up to me, catching her breath as she smiles.

That's fine with me, but you don't have to scream my name like that.

Oh, s-sorry.

How many times have I told you not to call me Yuki?

But it's a habit at this point. It's gonna be hard to change.

At least do it more quietly.

Okay, got it.

So what did you want?

What? Oh, I just wanted to walk home with you. Unless you don't want to.

Well…

A. If you can keep up with me!

B. I'm busy.

If you can keep up with me!

I abruptly run off.

What?!

Taken off guard, she's left in the dust.

But she's known me long enough to understand.

She immediately picks up on the fact that this is a joke and…

Oh, w-wait!

She holds her bag against her chest and starts chasing me right away.

Yukiii!

Akari calls to me from behind.

Wait for me, Yuki!

I stop when I leave the school gate, and right when Akari catches up…

I said stop shouting that name!

Eek!

I snap and yell at her.

She's so startled that she physically recoils.

?!

*thunk*

Unfortunately, the back of her head knocks into the forehead of a girl walking toward us.

Oh man…

What a klutz.

Head to head…

Front to back…

And it makes quite a sound.

Owwww…

Akari holds the back of her head and groans.

…

The other girl seems to be in a lot of pain too, but the damage to Akari looks worse.

Oh?

I've seen this girl somewhere before.

Oh, right.

It's the Kansai girl I saw in the library during lunch that one time.

I'm pretty sure she's in the same class as Akari. I think her name is Hoshina.

Nothing good ever seems to happen when it comes to this girl.

Well, anyway…

A. Akari, are you okay?

B. Hoshina, are you okay?

C. Are you two okay?

I'm busy.

I told her.

I see…

Akari looks disappointed.

I tell people, "I'm busy" both when I'm actually busy and when I just need an excuse to turn someone down.

Akari knows that, so she doesn't bother to ask what I was busy with.

See you later, then.

Smiling somewhat sadly, she walks off alone.

Hey, Akari, are you okay?

I ask, stepping closer to Akari.

Y-Yeah, I'm fine.

How bad are you hurt? Let me see.

I hold Akari's head close to take a look.

Y-Yuki…

Man, you're still as clumsy as ever.

Ahaha…

She laughs with embarrassment.

Oh, but don't worry about me…

She looks at Hoshina.

Sorry, Hoshina. Are you okay?

Akari asks her with concern. Hoshina looks away.

Be more careful.

And with those curt words, she's gone.

Hoshina was mad…

You klutz. You need to give her a better apology than that.

Yeah…

Well, it's really my fault, though.

Akari and I end up walking home together that day.

Unfortunately, I have to put Akari aside for now.

Hey, you okay?

I approach Hoshina.

…

Are you hurt? Your name's Hoshina, right?

She looks at me like she's never seen me before.

Does she not remember meeting me in the library?

She immediately looks away.

This is nothing. Shouldn't you worry more about her?

She looks at Akari.

Nah, she caused this anyway.

Well, it was actually my fault, but whatever.

Sorry, Hoshina. Are you okay?

I'm fine.

We hit each other pretty hard.

I said I'm fine. Be more careful in the future.

O-Okay.

Hoshina sighs and leaves without another word.

Was she actually mad?

Maybe.

Urgh, I'll have to say sorry to her again.

Akari and I end up walking home together that day.

Are you two okay?

I approach them.

Aaaaagh…

…

Akari's holding her head with tears in her eyes. Hoshina doesn't seem to be in pain so much as she's annoyed to have been involved in this.

S-Sorry, Hoshina. Did that hurt?

Akari rubs the back of her head as she apologizes.

Not really. I'm fine.

She responds brusquely.

Are you hurt at all?

You're the one crying. Looks like it hurt you a lot.

Oh, uh…

Akari frantically rubs her eyes.

Then, I step between them.

Uh, you're Hoshina, right? Sorry, but could you go easy on her? It was my fault for startling her anyway.

Yuki…

And then…

I'm not really mad. Be more careful from now on.

She says that curtly and leaves.

I wonder if she was actually mad.

Who knows? Maybe she was seething with rage.

Urgh, I'll have to say sorry to her again.

Akari and I end up walking home together that day.

We have time, so Akari and I visit the bookstore.

Is there a book you want, Yuki?

I want manga.

Seriously?

What's wrong with manga?

I'm not saying there's anything wrong with it.

You might as well be. Look, manga is the most advanced medium of expression ever to be printed on paper. Looking down on it just for being fun is foolish.

…

They have to think about the story as they're putting it together, and they have to draw all the art too. Most people read manga casually, but it takes incredible talent and hard work to create.

Y-Yeah, that's true.

By the way, have you heard of the manga, 'Hayame no Gyuho?' The boxing one?

I've just heard the name.

Read it.

What?

I'll lend you every volume, just take it all home. Read it and tell me what you think.

Uh, okay, sure. But how many volumes are there?

Forty-seven so far. It's still running.

Err…

Read all of it.

…

I see her from behind.

Those braids are unmistakable.

It's Tomoko Hoshina, our class rep for 2-B.

Come to think of it, we sit next to each other, but we've hardly ever talked.

Alright.

Maybe this is a good chance to ask if she'll walk home with me.

A. Ask to walk home with her.

B. Just say goodbye.

Yeah.

I might as well try it.

I hurry over and stand next to her.

Hey, class rep.

I give her a cheerful greeting.

…

Nice running into you here. Any interest in walking home together?

I ask her with a smile.

And then…

I'll pass.

She looks away with disinterest.

Oh, al-alright.

I answer with a stiff grin and stand there.

She walks away.

Once she's a bit ahead of me, she stops and turns around.

I don't know what it is you want, but we're not friends. Could you not just start acting like we are?

Her voice is cold.

Oh, uh, sorry.

I apologize.

…

She turns around and walks away.

…

Hmmm…

It's true that we still aren't that close. Maybe I should've just said 'See you tomorrow' or something.

I watch her get farther and farther away.

Dang, you got rejected?

I hear someone giggling behind me.

I turn around and see a smiling Shiho.

What, you saw that?

Ohoho, I saw the very moment she turned you down!

She laughs derisively.

I wasn't asking her out, stupid.

I complain.

Man, why'd a nasty person have to see that nasty interaction?

But hey, what can you do? She's super unapproachable at school.

You know her?

Of course. We were in the same class last year.

Oh, right.

She was in the same class as Akari, so she would've been in the same class as Hoshina too.

I hear she's the class representative again. I guess they just think she's right for the job because she looks the part. She's not really, though.

What do you mean by that?

What? You don't know?

Nope.

Mwehehe. So, you're finally coming to the Shiho Information Network for help.

I'm really not.

Oh, so you don't wanna hear it?

I wouldn't say I don't, I guess.

Then ask for it.

Ugh, fine, just tell me what it is.

Geez, why do you have to be like this? You could've just asked from the start.

Whatever, spit it out already.

Oh, just chill out. Nobody likes a guy who can't be patient.

…

I can't let myself get annoyed.

It'll just make this conversation longer.

Okay, then I'll tell you.

Great.

I know how she looks, but there are some surprisingly dark rumors about her.

Dark rumors?

Shiho grins like she was waiting for me to repeat that.

And then…

So, as it turns out…

She lowers her voice.

…people see her out late in her school uniform every night. Just the other day, she was spotted out late with a boy.

She talks like an entertainment journalist.

It's honestly obnoxious.

What the hell? Sounds fake, like something out of a weekly magazine tossed in the garbage at a train station. She's just not like that.

I saw it too though. It was in front of the station. Hoshina was wearing a nice outfit and was taking a selfie with some handsome old guy.

Seriously?

Seriously, it's like I found proof that the rumors were true.

Couldn't it have just been her dad?

Can't be. She only lives with her mom.

Oh, really?

Yeah, the Shiho Information Network is never wrong.

Hearing that name instantly makes it seem fishier.

But that being said, it's kinda normal for girls nowadays. Maybe it's how she de-stresses after working so hard at school and stuff.

Seems like she has a lot on her mind, unlike some people.

Hey, what are you getting at! Are you saying I live carefree and my head is empty?!

Nobody was talking about you.

Guh…

Anyway, Shiho, you should think twice before spreading awful rumors like that.

What the heck? I was nice enough to tell you, and now you're lecturing me?

What if you're wrong? You're hurting her reputation.

Well, yeah, maybe. But it's too late to change that now. Everyone that was in Class C last year knows about it.

Everyone?

So Akari too?

Well, she would never talk about these things.

That's beside the point.

I respond.

Be careful about what rumors you spread.

Why should I?! You were like this with the psychic girl too! How about trusting my info a little more?!

I'm not going to when it's mostly wrong.

How dare you?! It's only about half wrong.

Half is bad enough.

But that also means half of it is true. It's just a question of whether you trust me or not.

Why would it come down to that?

Do you trust me on this or not?!

She's just springing this on me out of nowhere.

But what should I say?

Trusting Shiho would mean doubting Class Rep.

Well…

A. Trust Shiho.

B. How should I know what's true?

C. I'm not trusting her.

We aren't close enough to walk home together, so I decide to just say goodbye.

I speed up to catch the class rep. Once I'm next to her, I casually say…

Hey, Class Rep.

Hm?

She looks a bit surprised.

Bye, see you tomorrow.

I wave and grin.

…

She looks away without answering.

Urgh, she ignored me.

Well, where there's smoke, there's fire. Maybe it's not that weird for a high schooler to have a secret life like that.

So, you're trusting me?

Well, with regards to this subject specifically, I can keep this possibility in mind.

Can't you try saying something nicer?

What do you want me to say?

'I knew I could count on the Shiho Information Network. Thank you for all the help<rep rep_heart>' Something like that.

Ridiculous.

I turn around and walk away.

Hold it right there?! Is that any way to thank me?!

I don't even know if what you said is true. I'll thank you if it is.

You suck!

But still…

While Shiho's info wasn't always off, the class rep seems too serious for something like that.

Hmmm…

I have my doubts.

How should I know what's true? I can't say anything.

That's a pretty safe answer.

On a personal level, I don't especially want to trust Shiho.

I hate to put any faith in her info, and most importantly, I don't want to endorse her distasteful gossip.

Then again, it could be that Shiho is right. I can't just call her a liar.

I don't know the truth, so all I can take from this is that these rumors exist.

Well, putting aside the matter of whether the rumors are true or not, she's been like this since last year.

She doesn't have any close friends?

Who knows? I've never seen her be friendly with anyone. I'm sure she likes being alone.

Hmph…

Hey, so are you interested in her or what?

No, stupid. It's just that I sit next to her. We barely even talk.

Forget about her. If you try to talk to her, she'll brush you off again like she did a minute ago.

I guess.

Class Rep did say as much herself. Maybe staying away from her would be for the best.

I don't believe you.

I say bluntly.

Why not?!

You know what people say about you? You're a walking gossip show, a tabloid in a school uniform, that kind of stuff.

Hey…

Even if you were half-trustworthy, the correct half would be the boring stuff and all the interesting stories would be fake.

How rude! That's not true!

Then what happened with that story about the senior teacher making moves on a student and getting fired?

What? Oh, yeah, that.

How about when you said the Board of Education was planning to demote our principal?

M-Maybe they decided to postpone that.

And when you said one of the seniors was dating a famous musician?

I'm pretty sure they're still dating.

Those were all lies.

I narrow my eyes.

You can only cry wolf so many times before nobody believes you anymore.

Why do you have to bring Grimms' Fairy Tales into this?

That one's Aesop.

Shiho clears her throat.

S-So basically… To survive in this advanced information society, receivers of that information need media literacy too. You can't just take everything at face value.

Pretty much. That's why I'm not trusting you.

Hey…

I can't put any faith in your nonsense. It'd be unfair to Class Rep.

What the heck?! Isn't that unfair to me?!

Why would it be? Don't be ridiculous.

Wh-Whatever, stupid!

Shiho sticks out her tongue, then turns away and runs down the hill.

Anyway…

Who knows if Shiho has her facts right, but I just can't imagine that earnest class rep doing that sort of thing…

Hmmm…

Yeah, I don't think I should believe her.

I stop by the bookstore on the way home and stand around reading a magazine.

When I look up from the magazine and glance outside…

Hm? That's…

Class Rep happens to be passing by on the street in front of the store.

When I'm about to put the magazine back on the shelf and go talk to her, I notice that she's with someone.

It's a guy wearing another school's uniform. They're walking together.

Who's that?

Her boyfriend or something?

The guy is talking about something while Class Rep is listening with her typical poker face.

It doesn't seem like she really wants to be there, more like the guy is hitting on her and she can't get away.

I want to get a closer look at the guy's face, but they walk past the store and out of sight.

Hmmm…

I'm surprised to see her in this situation.

And now I'm curious…

A. Follow them.

B. Respect their privacy.

Alright, I'll follow them.

I stuff the magazine back onto the shelf, pick up my bag, and rush out of the store.

Out in the shopping arcade, I scan the crowd.

Class Rep is nowhere to be seen.

That's weird.

She couldn't have gone that far.

Maybe that wasn't actually her… Nah, it had to be.

Did she and the guy go into some building?

If so, which?

And who could that guy from another school have been?

It didn't seem like they were dating. It was more like he was hitting on her.

Hmmm…

Now I really want to know.

It's not like I'm Shiho.

What good is following them going to do?

I should respect other people's privacy.

I open the magazine again and resume reading.

…

But she was walking with a guy from another school…

Hmmm…

Damn, I can't stop wondering.

Now, what to do after school?

I think about it as I walk.

Oh?

Class Rep happens to be in front of me.

A. Talk to her.

B. Don't talk to her.

Hey, Class Rep!

She turns to me.

…

Hey, can we talk?

I approach her.

*sst*

Oh…

She ignores me and tries to keep walking.

C'mon, don't ignore me.

She was never very friendly, but ever since that incident, she seems even colder.

She would brush me off whenever I talked to her, and we could never have a real conversation.

It doesn't seem like this awkwardness will ever end.

…

Alright.

I've got it.

When I see an opportunity, I'll start a conversation with her even if I have to kind of force it.

I don't talk to her.

I find it hard to do so ever since that incident.

I know that avoiding her all the time will only keep widening the gap between us.

Still, I continue to put off talking to her.

Hey, wait. I said don't ignore me.

I run up next to her.

What do you want? I'm in a hurry.

You at least have a little time to talk, right?

…

She silently glares at me for a while.

What do you want?

She asks.

Uh, so…

Oh crap.

I didn't actually think about what to say to her.

Err…

The first thing I think of is the incident with that notebook.

The image of her red, tearful eyes is still burned into my mind.

What's been going on with her and those girls since then?

Hopefully nothing, but if they're still bullying her, that's a problem.

Spit it out already.

Um, well…

However, if I ask about that, I can't imagine she'll give me an honest answer.

She'll just tell me to stay out of it again.

If you've got nothing to say, don't talk to me.

When I can't get any words out, she callously tries to leave.

Hey, wait a second.

I frantically give chase.

Why are you in such a hurry?

I awkwardly smile.

None of your business.

She brushes me aside without a second thought.

I stop in my tracks.

Meanwhile, she keeps walking, and the distance between us grows.

She was never very friendly, but ever since that incident, she seems even colder.

She would brush me off whenever I talked to her, and we could never have a real conversation.

Sorry to bother you when you're in a hurry!

I shout to her.

…

She ignores me and doesn't answer.

Man, what a jerk.

It doesn't seem like this awkwardness will ever end.

I have to do something.

Alright, I've got it.

I'll try to talk to her the next time I have a chance, even if I have to be a little pushy about it.

I just need to say something.

I'm on my way home.

I gaze off into the distance as I walk.

Then…

A girl walks past me from behind in a hurry.

It's the Class Rep.

Oh? Class―

I call out to her…

But she doesn't even react. She just continues on past me.

What the hell?

Did she not notice me?

…

No, she must've.

She just ignored me again.

Damn.

I…

A. Tell her to stop.

B. Ignore her too.

Hey, wait.

I talk to her from behind.

However, the Class Rep keeps walking, either pretending not to hear or truly not hearing me.

Hey, Class Rep!

She doesn't look back.

What the hell? Can you not hear?!

…

Tomoko Hoshina!

…

I take a deep breath and shout.

Toooooooooomooooooookoooooo, Hooooooooshiiiiiiiii―

Pipe down! I hear you!

She frantically turns around to yell at me.

The clear Kansai intonation in her voice makes the girls around us giggle.

Class Rep looks around, shuts her mouth, and hangs her head with shame.

What's your problem? If you heard me, you could've said something.

I walk in front of her.

Why are you ignoring me?

…

She keeps her head down and her shoulders quiver.

Her hands clench the shoes she's holding.

Her shame begins to evolve into rage.

Eventually, on the verge of exploding, she answered in a shaky tone.

I want to ignore you.

Huh?

Then, she unleashes her anger.

I'm ignoring you because you're so annoying!

Wha?

I thought eventually you'd give up and stop bugging me, but it looks like I was wrong!

Y-You really are…

I'm about to call her an asshole, but I stop myself.

Oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man…

If we get in a fight, things are gonna get out of control.

Calm down, calm down…

I tell myself to keep it cool.

Once I suppress my own growing rage, I force a smile.

Hah, hahaha, you don't mince words. I'm annoying?

She sighs and gives me an annoyed look.

Yep.

She answers, clearly fed up with me.

Like I told you on the roof, Fujita, you're a little overly friendly with me.

She gives me a cold glare.

What relationship do you think you have with me?

She furrows her brow.

What? We're in the same class. We sit by each other.

And that's all. We're not friends.

We're not friends?

What do you mean? We're friends.

I awkwardly smile.

She sighs, appalled with me.

Since when were we friends? This is what I mean when I say you act too familiar with me.

Too familiar?

Well, maybe I could be a little oblivious when it came to these things.

But talking to someone on the way home is pretty normal.

Even that's enough to bug me.

She speaks plainly.

I like being alone. I don't need anyone talking to me or trying to be my friend.

She laughs.

I'm just that self-centered. You're not gonna get anything out of talking to me. You'd be better off giving up instead of wasting more time.

So she says.

So can this be the last time you talk to me?

With that, she turns around and walks away.

Class Rep…

However, she looks lonely from behind for some reason. Maybe I'm imagining it.

As generous as I am, even I have to be mad after being ignored this much.

If that's how she's gonna be, then I'll ignore her too.

That seems to be what she wants anyway.

If you like being alone so much, then be alone forever for all I care.

And so, I never end up talking to her.

She keeps striding farther away as though in a hurry.

Hmph.

Still, nothing will get better with us both acting this way.

We'll never get any closer.

Hmmm…

One of us has to act, and I doubt the Class Rep is gonna be the one to do it. Our relationship is never gonna change if I don't do something.

That's kinda lame.

Hmmm…

Facing her receding form as she walks off into the distance, I say…

You sure about this?! You really like being alone?!

…

She had to have heard, but she ignores me and keeps walking.

I talk to her anyway.

Doesn't seem that way to me. I'll probably talk to you again tomorrow.

…

Since I consider you a friend.

…

She never looks back at me.

As she moves farther away, she looks awfully lonely to me for some reason.

I have time to kill, so I stop by the arcade on the way home.

When I arrive, I remember my failure from last time.

I'll never forget the time I lost a game to Shiho and had to buy YacDonald's for her.

Yay, that was easy!

We went head to head on the jet ski game, and she crushed me.

We made a bet, so you have to buy me food. Um, today I want the Triple Cheeseburger Combo with an apple pie, and for the drink…

Actually, isn't gambling illegal?

Hey, you promised<rep rep_heart> So I want a large drink…

Dammit! Curse you, Shiho! That wasn't just a fluke! You practiced before we played!

Heh heh heh, so what if I did?

You dirty cheat!

I know it's true.

She practiced beforehand.

That's why she was so confident.

Dammit!

I'll never forget the shame I experienced that day.

Just remembering it makes me mad.

Then I'll have to prepare for the next match myself.

Just watch, Shiho!

I'll show you!

I'll get the last laugh!

As soon as I enter the arcade, the game I lost to Shiho is right there in front of me.

Alright, let's do this.

I think her time was 2:05:00.

And so, my goal is-

Well, first thing's first. I need to practice.

I'm so pathetic.

Ugh…

I reach my goal, but I'm far from Shiho's time.

I've already spent six-hundred yen.

What time is it?

Ack!

It's almost six.

I guess it must've looked like I was having fun, because everyone else came to wait for a turn to play too.

I'll have to wait a while to even get another chance.

And I'm a little tired.

Maybe I should call it quits for today.

A. Go home.

B. No, not yet!

No, not yet!

I've improved by fifteen seconds so far, but that leaves another fifteen seconds between me and Shiho.

If we were running, I'd be too far behind to even see her ass.

I imagined Shiho cackling at me.

Damn, I'm pissed.

I can't go home yet.

More practice!

Alright, that's the finish line!

In shining letters, "Congratulations!" appears on the screen.

What's my time?!

I think I did pretty well on this one.

Uh, 2:15:38!

What?!

Seriously? I'm still over ten seconds behind?!

I don't know how I could go any faster.

Was I remembering Shiho's 2:05:00 wrong?

No, couldn't be.

I'm pretty sure she reached the goal in around that time.

That means I'm eleven seconds short.

Urrgh…

How the hell do I get any closer?

This is a tough wall to break through.

I've spent 1,300 yen at this point.

That's more than I paid for Shiho's food.

This is starting to feel stupid.

Maybe I should just quit and go home.

A. Go home.

B. No, I'm not giving up!

No, I'm not giving up!

I've come too far to back down now.

I'll keep practicing until I figure something out.

After a few more tries, I get the hang of it.

What matters most is precise control.

Acting fast.

And, of course, taking the shortest route possible.

Still, I know there has to be some other secret to going fast.

I can't slow down around curves.

But if I go at full speed and end up out of bounds, I'll lose too much time.

I could also use jumps better.

It'll take all those techniques to even begin to reach 2:05:00.

Now I've put all that together, but no matter how much Shiho practiced, it's weird that she managed to get that time.

If someone taught her those tricks, that'd be one thing…

Wait… Taught her?

Hah, I see.

She asked for someone else to coach her, didn't she?

Must've been some expert on this game.

Shiho has so many friends that it's plausible.

I don't even remember when I started competing with Shiho at the arcade.

After we did it a few times, she started taking it seriously.

Did she start feeling like beating me is her goal in life?

Shiho exhibits extraordinary strength when it comes to the most meaningless things.

She should really put that energy toward sports or studying or something.

Well, not like I'm one to talk.

Anyway, there's no turning back now.

I'm overcoming Shiho at all costs.

That being said…

Hm, I'm at a dead end.

I don't see myself getting any better on my own.

And my wallet can't take much more of this.

!

I've got it.

I'll wait for someone who's good at this game to come play, and I can steal their techniques.

Then maybe I can figure out how Shiho was so fast without spending any money.

Thirty minutes passed.

It gets dark out.

I keep watching games that whole time, but nobody plays the game well.

They're all either around my level or worse.

And there are a lot of couples.

Crap, I'm not learning anything from this.

Ugh…

I'm tired.

What time is it?

Ack!

It's seven already?!

Most households would be having dinner by now.

N-Now I'm starting to feel like I'm wasting my time.

A. Go home.

B. No, not until I figure this out!

No!

I've come too far! I'll never go home until I figure this out!

Shiho's going down!

Please!

Somebody please show me how to play!

And then…

A guy who looks like a gamer shows up, gets on the machine, and inserts a coin.

He handles the machine with a strange level of familiarity.

This looks promising.

He pushes the start button.

The game begins.

He precisely adjusts the acceleration before starting!

Whoa!

Suddenly, he dashes ahead right out the gate!

I see. I didn't know you could do that.

He finds the racing line effortlessly and his cornering is perfect!

Ooooh, he went full throttle around that hairpin turn!

I have to copy this.

He performs an optimal jump and starts up again right as he lands.

Hoho, I could use that.

He's so fast!

And, finish line!

His time was 1:54:52!

Th-This is legit.

The gamer simply enters his name as "ZZZ" and leaves.

Alright.

I'll try using what I learned right away!

Need a coin…

Finish line!

I did it!

This is a time that even puts Shiho to shame!

2:02:02!

Aaahahaha!

With a little more practice, I'm able to get under 2:00:00.

You're paying for my food next time, Shiho!

Now let's see what time it is… Oh man, it's already past nine!

I don't even know why I got so into this, but, well, now I won't lose to Shiho!

I'm honestly impressed with my ability to focus when I get this passionate.

It's late.

I need to get home quick.

I pick up my bag and make to leave the arcade when…

That's…

Class Rep?

What the hell is she doing here so late? And still in her school uniform…

Then, I notice she's walking with a guy wearing another school's uniform.

I recognize him from when I was reading a magazine at the bookstore before.

If they're together this late, maybe they are actually dating.

I would've tried talking to her if she were alone, but I didn't want to intrude.

…

It doesn't look like she was enjoying herself at all though.

The guy keeps leaning toward her and talking incessantly about something.

The conversation seems one-sided.

Neither of them notice me watching.

And then…

With a blank look on her face, Class Rep raises her bag and…

*wham*

She slams it into the man's face.

Ack!

Plus, she hit him with the corner.

That had to hurt.

The man beds backward, then holds his face as he stoops over.

He's holding his nose and crying. It's pretty pitiful.

Oh, his nose is bleeding too.

How awful.

The perpetrator, on the other hand, turns her back on the suffering man and hurries away.

So, what, he's not her boyfriend?

The man is still crouching on the ground.

He takes a tissue out of his pocket and stuffs it in his nose.

Man, it's pitiful.

Anyway, what the hell?

Suddenly, I notice that Class Rep is out of sight.

All I can do is stand there, dumbfounded by what I witnessed.

I should go home for the day.

I'm still not as good as Shiho, but I don't feel like I can get any better than this.

Plus, playing this game over and over gets boring after a while.

Maybe I'll try again another day.

I pick up my bag and make to leave the arcade.

I catch up with the Class Rep in front of the stairs. She had left the classroom before me.

She's alone, as usual.

A. Ask to walk home with her.

B. Say, "See you tomorrow."

Hey, Class Rep.

Speaking in a friendly tone, I call out to her from behind.

Fujita…

What, heading home alone again?

It's fine, I don't care.

She looks away and mutters.

How about walking home with a friend sometimes?

I don't have friends.

Don't be silly. You've got one right here.

…

So yeah, you want to walk home together?

I smile.

C'mon.

Well, I guess I don't mind.

She whispers, averting her gaze.

We end up walking home together.

On the way down the hill…

We're in the middle of a casual conversation, when the class rep suddenly asks me a question.

Hey, Fujita…

Yeah?

Why do you want to be my friend so bad?

Huh?

It's a hard question to answer on the spot.

I hesitate for a moment.

Do you really have to ask? There's only one reason why a guy would approach a girl, right?

I joke.

What?

Cause he's into you.

I laugh.

Fujita, I'm asking a serious question. Give me a real answer!

She scolds me.

The Class Rep starts looking real solemn all of a sudden.

Uh, why do I want to be her friend?

Let's see…

A. Because you seem lonely.

B. Because I really am into you.

Hey, Class Rep.

Speaking in a friendly tone, I call out to her from behind.

Fujita…

What, heading home alone again?

It's fine, I don't care.

She mumbles, looking away.

How about walking home with a friend sometimes?

I don't have friends.

Haha, you sure like being alone.

…

Well, see you tomorrow.

Oh, Fujita…

I wave and part ways with her.

Because you seem lonely, I guess.

Lonely? Me?

Yeah, I mean, you're always sitting by yourself during breaks. You look lonely to me.

…

I feel like any guy would do the same if he sat next to a cool, pretty girl like you.

Who's pretty?

You, obviously.

Ridiculous.

The class rep looked away, but she was blushing a bit.

So you noticed I'm lonely and wanted to be my friend, then.

Hmmm, I don't think that's quite right. I just think it's hard for a guy to ignore a pretty girl that seems lonely.

What the heck?

That's just how it is. What can I say?

She looks appalled, but eventually…

You're always so weird, Fujita.

She says.

What? I'm weird?

You say the most flippant things without a second thought…

Flippant? C'mon now, I'm very serious about this.

Sure, you're serious.

She continues.

Seriously stupid.

W-Well, sorry for being stupid.

Hehe.

She laughs.

Haha.

I laugh too.

Her laughter makes me happy.

She laughs so rarely that it feels like an achievement to have made her laugh.

And the feeling that I have this rare smile all to myself is delightful.

After walking a bit…

Hey, Class Rep.

Hm?

Aren't you getting tired of being alone? Can't you make some friends around here?

…

I recommend you start with me. We get along surprisingly well, right?

Well, we're not entirely incompatible. I suppose I could spend time with you and not hate it.

Right?

Don't let it go to your head.

I laugh.

Hehe.

So did she.

And then…

Well, I'll think about it.

She gives me an impish grin.

I want her to be able to smile like this around the rest of the class eventually.

Then she can get closer with people and she won't have to be lonely anymore.

It doesn't have to happen all at once.

You really are weird, Fujita.

…

But until then, I want this smile to myself.

It probably really is just that I'm into you.

I say, nodding.

Wanting to get close to an attractive girl is totally normal.

Fujita, I told you to be serious.

But I am being serious.

How is this at all serious?

She looks away in a huff.

Hmmm…

Looks like I shouldn't have put it like that.

I clear my throat.

Uh, so basically, there's no particular reason why I want to be your friend.

…

But if you're demanding a reason, the only answer I can give is that I'm into you or something.

…

She doesn't look satisfied.

Essentially, you're just that attractive.

Am I?

Yep, and you definitely benefit from being pretty. If it weren't me, it'd be some other guys flocking to you.

You're the only one strange enough to get near me.

Everyone else is just blind then. They're being tricked by those intimidating glasses.

My glasses?

Yeah, they emphasize your cool, aloof personality.

…

But I usually see you from the side, so those stodgy glasses don't deceive me. I can see your real face.

My real face…

I know you're actually lonely, I know what's cute about you… I think I know a lot.

I tease her and grin.

…

Hm? What's wrong?

And then…

M-Moron!

She suddenly shouts.

Uh, hey.

Then she runs off without me.

Wh-What?! Hey, hold on.

I frantically gave chase.

Hey, Class Rep.

Speaking in a friendly tone, I call out to her from behind.

Fujita…

Going home by yourself today? How about you walk with someone sometimes?

I'm fine by myself.

She replies in an annoyed tone.

Oh crap.

Did I just make her mad?

So anyway, would you mind if I walked with you?

I smile.

I'd rather you not.

She bluntly turns me down.

…

I awkwardly smile.

The Class Rep hurries away.

She just won't give me a chance.

Hey, Class Rep.

Speaking in a friendly tone, I call out to her from behind.

Fujita…

Going home by yourself today? How about you walk with someone sometimes?

I'm fine by myself.

The Class Rep replies in an annoyed tone.

That's such a Class Rep response.

Haha, then see you tomorrow!

…

The Class Rep looks away as I wave and descend the stairs.

As I exit through the school gate, I spot Class Rep.

She seems to be waiting for someone.

Hey, Class Rep.

Fujita…

Waiting for someone?

Not really.

She blushes and looks away.

What?

Was she waiting for who I think she was waiting for…?

Hey, would you happen to have been waiting for me?

I smirk.

Th-That's not funny.

She tries to leave.

A. Wait, let's walk home together.

B. Weirdo.

Wait.

I quickly reach out…

…and grab her hand.

Ah…

Let's walk home together, alright?

O-Okay.

She nods.

I grin.

Wh-What's going on with you?

Nothing, really.

We walk side by side.

As we walk, we speak to each other.

About the season, about our hobbies, about those sorts of frivolous things.

So yeah, that's how it is.

Huh.

…

…

There are a few abrupt lulls in the conversation.

During those moments of silence, we become oddly conscious of each other.

What's going on?

We're like a middle school couple that just started dating.

Well, this is me.

Oh, wait, Class Rep.

I stop her before she leaves.

What is it?

Well…

Hm?

Can we walk home together again sometime?

When I ask that…

…Yeah.

She nods, then hurries away with embarrassment.

I really don't understand this middle school couple vibe.

It's like children pretending to know about love.

But…

It's kind of nice.

Weirdo.

I mutter as she hurries away.

…

Could she have actually been waiting for me?

Because if she was…

Maybe I should've walked home with her.

If you have the time, do you want to grab something to eat? I'll pay.

Really?

Yeah, I'd be happy to.

Then sure, I'm in.

We arrive at YacDonald's. I get a cafe au lait and a teriyaki burger, while Class Rep gets an apple pie and a lemon tea.

We talk for about an hour.

Well, this is me.

Oh, wait, Class Rep.

I stop her before she leaves.

What is it?

Well…

Hm?

Can we walk home together again sometime?

When I ask that…

…Yeah.

She nods, then hurries away with embarrassment.

I really don't understand this middle school couple vibe.

It's like children pretending to know about love.

But…

It's kind of nice.

During first period break…

I head to the junior's classrooms with the Black Magic Compendium in hand.

I ask a junior in the hall which class Kurusugawa is in and learn she is in 2-A.

I go straight to Class 2-A.

Unfortunately, it's completely deserted.

They probably went to another classroom for their next class.

Oh well. I'll have to come back another time.

When I'm about to leave…

*clatter*

I hear something move.

Huh?

I turn and see a lone girl standing in the classroom.

Oh…

It was Kurusugawa.

What, she's here?

And it looks like she's been here the whole time.

She's crouching on the floor where I can't see her.

What is she doing here on her own?

Well, whatever, I'll just give her book back.

Kurusugawa.

I call her name as I enter.

Hm?

She hears and turns toward me.

…

She stares at me.

Hi, I'm the freshman who bumped into you this morning. Do you remember? Sorry about that.

I smile.

…

So what are you doing here? Everyone else left already.

She paused to think for three seconds before replying, "I'm looking for something."

For what? A book?

I ask.

…

She nods.

Would it happen to be the Black Magic Compendium?

I grin.

…

What? You want to know how I knew? Heheh, well, behold!

I show her the book I'm hiding behind my back.

I have it!

…

You probably dropped it when I bumped into you, and it ended up with me. Here, you can have it back.

I hand the book to her.

With how hard you're looking for it, I'm guessing it's important to you.

She nods.

Then try not to lose it again. Well, you can blame me for that, really. Hahaha.

…

She stares blankly at me.

Hmmm…

She's as weird as ever.

She's got this unique vibe about her.

And I can't deny she's pretty when I see her up close.

I guess that's to be expected of a rich girl.

It's like every part of her body was made to order.

She's too beautiful, almost like a doll.

The way she spaces out is a bit odd though.

So you're into the occult?

She nods.

That's weird. Are a lot of rich girls into weird stuff?

…

What? You don't understand? Huh, I see. Aren't you in the Occult Research Club?

She moves her head up and down.

I don't know much about it, but I hear you do black magic and spirit channeling and stuff. Do you actually? Well? Do you?!

Yes.

Kurusugawa answers sincerely.

Your club's goal is to 'revive esoteric disciplines that have been lost because of science,' right?

She nods.

That's what it said on the club list we got when we started as freshman.

I thought it was sketchy at the time, to be honest, but I'm also a little curious.

Did you come up with that description for the club?

She shakes her head.

Evidently, the answer was "no."

No?

She nods.

Oh, the club president thought of it? I see, you're not the president.

…Oh? The president is a distinguished professor of the occult, but hardly ever shows up to the club? Hahaha, like a ghost in the occult club? That's funny!

…

Sorry.

Just then, I realize we only have another minute until the next class starts.

Uh-oh, all my questions are keeping her here.

We'll be late for class.

I don't care what that does to me, but Kurusugawa's teacher might get mad at her.

Well, it's almost time for class. You ought to get moving. Your teacher's gonna be mad if you're late.

*nod*

She nods.

See you tomorrow.

I wave and turn to leave when…

*tug*

Hm?

She grabs my jacket to stop me.

Huh? What?

…

Kurusugawa murmurs something.

What? You want to know if I'm into the occult?

She nods.

Well…

Honestly, I have no belief in the supernatural whatsoever.

I feel it would be nice if such things were real, but I fundamentally believe otherwise.

But that isn't to say I have no interest.

If it's real, I want to see it myself. I wanted to experience it.

I don't believe in Santa Claus, but I think the world would be better if he was real.

Yeah, I'm interested in it.

So that's my answer.

Kurusugawa whispers something barely audible again.

What? Will I come check out the club? Yeah, sure, if I have time.

I smile.

…

Kurusugawa blushes and hangs her head for some reason.

The bell chimes.

Oh crap! I'm gonna be late! See you later, Kurusugawa.

I wave and left Class 2-A.

It's the night of April 1st.

I have no homework due to spring break.

I'm free to relax.

I finish dinner and read manga in bed until…

*riiiiiiiiiing*

I hear the phone ringing downstairs.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

I go downstairs.

Yeah, yeah, I'll be right there.

I pick up the phone.

*click*

Hello, this is Fujita.

…

Hello?

…

Hello?

…

Oh, Kurusugawa?!

To my surprise, the call is from Kurusugawa.

I press my ear against the phone in an effort to hear her.

You went through the trouble of calling me? That's so nice of you. So, what did you need? Oh? You want to know if we can meet up right now?

Shocked by her question, I check the time.

It's almost 8:10 PM.

It's getting pretty late, not that I mind, but do you not have a curfew or anything?

…

Hello? Uh, I can't see you nod on the phone.

I say, grinning wryly.

What? You don't have to worry about a curfew? Hmmm…

I figured a rich girl would have a strict curfew.

So what do you want me to do? Huh? School?

…

Mm-hmm, got it. Then meet at the clubhouse at Nine? Okay, I'll be right there.

And then…

I'll be waiting.

Kurusugawa concluded with those words before hanging up.

*click*

I slowly set the phone down.

Anyway…

I can't believe she asked me to meet her out at this time of night. She's surprisingly bold.

Given how late it is, this seems a little wrong.

Well, I don't know what she's planning, but it seems interesting.

Alright, time to get ready.

When I get to school, the gate is open.

The staff entrance is open like Kurusugawa said. I step right inside.

The school was is a little creepy at night.

I walk down the silent hall.

The only sound is the echo of my own footsteps.

It's scary, honestly.

School isn't a place to come alone at night.

!

I sense someone watching me and turn around.

But of course nobody's there.

Oh come on…

Then, I feel as though I'm being watched from the opposite direction.

Not only that, but I almost think I hear someone giggling at me.

It gives me shivers.

Um, Kurusugawa?

I try to call out to her.

But…

…

Nobody answers.

That's odd.

I got here a bit early, but the door was already open, so I figured she got here before me.

Oh well, I guess I'll wait a while.

…

The school at night, huh?

Hopefully nothing spooky happens.

I'm not in the mood for ghosts tonight.

I wait a few minutes.

It's almost the time we agreed to meet, but Kurusugawa still hasn't arrived.

Wait…

It's April Fool's Day.

Was I fooled? I don't think Kurusugawa would do that.

That's when it happens.

*tmp tmp tmp tmp tmp tmp tmp*

Ack!

I hear someone running toward me from the darkness and frantically turn around.

But…

There's nobody there.

…

S-Seriously?

And right after that…

*creeeeak…* *slam*

The door slams shut behind me?!

Oh crap!

I frantically turn around.

Uwa, waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Oh, wait…

Wh-What, it's you? D-Don't scare me like that.

I wheezed as I calmed down.

What? You were scared too?

She nods.

Sorry, I thought that was an actual encounter with the supernatural. In fact… Oh, never mind.

Hm?

Oh, I'm starting to feel a bit sick.

I cover my eyes and take a few deep breaths.

Kurusugawa looks at me with concern.

I-I'm fine.

I say, visibly shaken.

*sst*

What?

Kurusugawa pats my head.

…

…

You want to know if I'm still scared? Y-Yeah.

*sst, sst*

S-Still…

*sst, sst*

A-A little more…

*sst, sst*

Last one.

*sst, sst*

Okay, you cheered me up!

When I puff out my chest, Kurusugawa looks happy despite her blank expression.

I feel like I'm getting better at reading her emotions.

I was just imagining those footsteps. Yeah, it'd be a crazy coincidence if something supernatural happened when―

*tmp tmp tmp tmp tmp tmp tmp*

*creeeeak* *slam*

…

I go silent.

I'm probably white as a sheet.

But Kurusugawa looks the same as ever. She says everything seems to be ready and asks if we should start.

Wh-What's ready?!

Ever since entering the club room, I have this strange sense that I'm being watched.

Kurusugawa and I are the only ones here, but it doesn't feel that way.

What the hell?!

I look around restlessly as she stands before me.

She's wearing a black cloak and hat like a witch.

The oversized hat looks more cute than mystical.

Huh, that looks good on you.

I compliment her.

…

Kurusugawa looks a bit embarrassed.

Now that she's here, the strange fear from before has somehow dissipated.

Her unique calming effect must have soothed me.

Eventually…

"I think it's time to get started."

…She said.

So what are we doing?

…

What? You want to know if there's someone who recently passed away that I want to see again?

She nods.

What the hell?

…

Today's spirit channeling day? You're about to summon a spirit?

She nods.

Spirit channeling?

So this is gonna be like a real seance…?

Kurusugawa tells me that's more or less correct.

I didn't know today was such a special event. So you want to do that while I watch?

She nods.

Hm, I wasn't expecting an actual ritual.

I didn't think the Occult Research Club would be much different from a fortune-telling club.

…

You're going to start and want to know if there's a particular spirit I want to see? Hmmm, let me think…

Nobody I'm close with has passed away.

Oh, wait…

Does it have to be a person? Can it be an animal?

Kurusugawa says that's fine.

Then I want you to summon Boss, the dog I had when I was a kid. He was my best friend, and I want to see him again. Can you do that?

…Yes.

Alright, then please do that.

Kurusugawa decides to summon my old dog, and begins to prepare the ritual.

Boss…

I don't believe in spirit channeling, but if she can actually do it, I'd love to see him again.

Memories of Boss came back to me.

We had him when I was still in elementary school.

He was a huge dog. The breed was Great Pyrenees, I think.

He was friendly with me, of course, and with Akari and Masashi too.

He knew how to shake, but his huge paw could almost crush me when I was little.

I haven't thought about that in a while.

One day, Boss suddenly got ill and passed away.

It hit me so hard that I cried for a whole day.

Kurusugawa seems to be ready.

There's a strange magic circle, a candle, and a spell book.

It's like a fusion of Western demon summoning and Japanese divination techniques.

Supposedly, this style was developed by the president of the club, an authority on the spirit world and black magic, after countless hours of research.

Seriously, though?

This seems like an event big enough for the whole club to participate.

This is a lot to go through just for Boss.

Uh, by the way, if the club has other members, where are they? The president's not even here.

…

Oh, they're here? Where?

…

Over there, you say? Behind me?

I turn around.

But nobody's there.

Nobody's there. What, you're telling me they're there? Are you trying to scare me or―

*snap*

I hear something cut through the air behind me.

What's that? They're greeting me? W-Wait, so the other members… They're actually all ghosts?

*snap, snap*

The sound resounds through the room.

I smell the aroma of the candle that lights the room as the seance begins.

With book in hand, she chants a mysterious spell.

It's allegedly modified from a spell by an ancient shaman.

But I really doubt that's true.

Ye, du, tri… Her, jok, so…

Fel, av, kit…

Del, sha, muk…

I thought all the doors and windows were closed, but I feel a breeze.

Kurusugawa's cloak waved.

Eventually I think I hear other voices chanting along with her.

It can't be the ghost members, can it?

Hahaha, I'm just imagining things.

The air in the room turns cold.

I shiver.

That's weird.

It's spring now. I thought this weather was over.

Kurusugawa, how's it looking?

I try asking her, but she just keeps chanting and doesn't answer.

And then…

*snap*

*snap*

*snap*

Wh-What?!

What's making that sound?

*thud* *thud*

Whoa!

Now books are falling off the bookshelf!

Wh-What the hell?!

K-Kurusugawa?! Wh-What the hell's going on here?!

Kurusugawa finally finishes chanting and takes a breath. Then, a somehow meek expression appears on her face.

…

What? You're sorry?

…

Wh-What?! Y-You summoned a different spirit?!

She nods.

Wh-What should I do?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<rep rep_sweat>

It's 11 PM.

According to Kurusugawa, the ghost members of the club convinced the summoned spirit to leave.

The worst case scenario is avoided and the channeling ritual concludes safely.

The room looks like an earthquake had hit it and we have to clean it up, so we end up staying late.

I'm telling you not to worry about it.

…

Nobody got hurt.

Kurusugawa keeps slumping her shoulders like she's feeling guilty.

Hmmm, what should I say?

Well, it was a unique experience. And now that I look back on it, it was a lot of fun.

Kurusugawa finally turns to look at me.

…

Do I really feel that way? Yeah, I do.

I grin and nod.

W-Well, it was a little scary though.

I chuckle.

But hanging out with you seems like it'll be interesting. Tell me the next time you do something like this.

She nods.

I'm not sure, but I think I see tears in her eyes.

By the way, do you want to come over right now? We can have some tea if you―

Before I can finish talking…

A big black limousine stops in front of us.

And then…

My Ladyyyyyyyyyyyyy!

Ack.

I was looking for you, My Lady. How could you sneak out so late?!

…

What if your grandfather hears of this? I'll be harshly reprimanded.

C'mon now.

I interrupt.

Away with you!

!

The old butler shouts me down.

A-Asshole…

He ignores me.

Now, My Lady, get in the car.

He drags Kurusugawa into the limo by the arm.

*slam*

The door shuts.

Hey!

The quiet sound of the black limo's tires is all that remains as it races away.

Kurusugawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

She gives me a sad look.

Kurusugawa…

As the limo recedes into the distance, she never stops staring at me.

Hmmm…

I wake up early.

Tuesday, April 29th.

Today is a holiday.

Showa Day… I think.

Maybe I should have breakfast.

I bought some French bread yesterday.

I'll have some of that.

Need to cut it first…

Then spread some butter on it.

And then, heheh, the most important part: bacon and eggs from the fridge.

I can make bacon and eggs now.

I'd been making an effort to eat a proper breakfast ever since Akari told me I should.

I heat up the frying pan.

Once it's hot enough, I lightly oil it.

Then, I toss the bacon into the pan.

*sizzle*

It produces a pleasant aroma.

I fry both sides of the bacon before putting it on a plate.

With bacon grease left in the pan, I added the eggs.

*crack* *sizzle*

I'm cooking them over easy.

I usually go for sunny side up, but not today.

I want to get the most out of the bacon grease by cooking both sides.

Oh, I should get a drink ready before this is done.

I think I have something in the fridge, so…

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

Oh?

It's the phone.

Who could be calling on a holiday morning?

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*click*

Hello, this is Fujita.

…

Hello?

…

Hellooo?

…

Oh, uh, Kurusugawa?!

To my shock…

The caller is Serika Kurusugawa.

Also…

What's up all of a sudden?

…

What?

She asks if I'm available.

C-Could it be…?

Is she asking me out?!

She wants me to go somewhere with her?

If so, then of course I'll…

I smell burning from the kitchen.

Ack!

The eggs?!

It's the eggs…

I forgot about the eggs…

A. I'm totally free.

B. S-Sorry, but I'm busy.

Oh yeah, I'm totally free!

I say, replying without hesitation.

The burning smell bothers me, but the eggs are unsalvageable at this point anyway.

Kurusugawa asking me out is way more important than eggs anyway.

So why'd you ask?

In response…

…

She asks if I want to come to the pool with her.

The pool? What pool?

…

Aqua Blue? That place that opened at the end of last year?

Aqua Blue is a large indoor pool four stations away.

I've never gone, but I've heard that it's pretty fancy.

I've been wanting to check it out.

And Kurusugawa wants to go there with me.

I have no reason to say no, of course.

I immediately agree.

Then, when should we meet up?

…

Alright, got it! We'll meet at the station then.

…

Okay, bye.

*click*

I hang up the phone.

Hell yeah!

A date with Kurusugawa!

And at a pool, even!

Pool means swimsuits!

I get to see her in a swimsuit! Yay!

Yeah!

I am pumped.

Wahaha.

I'll even eat the burnt eggs.

As soon as I finish breakfast, I get ready and head out.

I'm off!

A date with Kurusugawa<rep rep_heart>

A date with Kurusugawa<rep rep_heart>

I can't wait.

Alright, the station is over here.

Alright, I'm here.

Kurusugawa's not here yet.

There are still ten minutes to go before the meet-up time we agreed on.

Well, that's fine.

All things said though, to think there’d be a day Kurusugawa and I would go to to Aquablue together…

Speaking of Aquablue, its quite the popular spot between young people right now.

They’re running ads on TV left and right, there’s going to be a ton of people on the weekends.

Kurusugawa's not here yet.

There are still ten minutes to go before the meet-up time we agreed on.

Well, that's fine.

Not that it's my problem.

It's not long before a taxi arrives.

It comes to a stop, and someone slowly steps out.

It's none other than Kurusugawa.

Hey, Kurusugawa!

When I wave, she notices me and walks over.

She nods and says hello.

Then…

Good morning.

I do the same.

Today she's wearing a tasteful blouse and a skirt.

It's just what you'd expect a rich girl to wear.

You look great. What a stylish outfit.

…

Kurusugawa looks away as if embarrassed.

Oh? That reminds me…

Hm?

I look around.

Did you come alone?

She nods.

Where's the annoying butler?

…

She said he's with her today.

He's not?

…

What? So you snuck out without him noticing?

She nods.

Seriously?

Is that allowed?

Well, it's not a crime or anything.

Alright!

Alright then Kurusugawa, lets go!

I take her hand.

She tilts her head slightly up and down.

That's a nod.

No doubt about it.

That old man would never let her go to a pool with a guy.

Her efforts to sneak out here…

I won't let them go to waste.

The two of them passed through the ticket gate.

Oh!

It really is fancy.

Much bigger than the public pools I've been to with Akari and Masashi.

A large screen inside is playing some kind of cool video.

There's a lazy river.

And a water slide.

And there's what looks like caves past that too.

It was crazy.

I feel like the 2,000 yen entry fee is kind of high, but I understand when I go inside.

Not that I spent anything anyway, I actually got in for free thanks to a discount voucher Kurusugawa had.

Apparently, Kurusugawa's “Kurusugawa Gas” has a stake in this place.

Seeing it in the commercial for the first time, the first thing that came to mind was that the utility bill for such a stupidly large place must be outrageous…

I see, maybe being backed by a gas company helped with the energy expenses.

Anyway, what's taking her so long?

Well, I guess it can take longer for girls to change.

Guys can just throw their clothes off and pull the trunks on and you're done.

But maybe that doesn't work for her.

I'm sure there's a lot more she has to do…

Just then, Kurusugawa arrives and apologizes for making me wait.

…

Whoa!

!

I yelp, startling Kurusugawa a bit.

K-Kurusugawa, you're wearing a bikini?

She nods.

Whooooa, yeeeeeeeeeah!

I pump my fist, startling Kurusugawa again.

Bikini, bikini, bikini! And a black one, too!

…

It looks great on you! Beautiful! Cute! Wonderful!

…

Kurusugawa blushes.

And your ch-chest…

It's huge.

She shyly crosses her arms which only emphasizes her ample chest more.

W-W-Waaah!

…

What was that sound, you ask? That's the noise I make when I get a nose bleed. Don't worry, I obviously didn't get a real nose bleed.

Hm?

Kurusugawa doesn't seem to understand.

Alright, then let's go swimming.

She nods.

By the way, can you swim?

She nods.

You can? Nothing to worry about, then.

And so, we get into the pool.

Kurusugawa.

…

Are you sure you know how to swim? It seemed like you were struggling not to sink.

In response to that…

I'm sorry.

She apologizes.

…

What?You say you beat your old record?You swam three meters, so you improved by two meters?

She nods.

Okay! Then let's add another ten meters to that today.

We get back in the pool.

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

We practice the flutter kick.

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

I take Kurusugawa's hands and slowly walk backwards .

That's right, keep it up!

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

Kurusugawa's cute butt rises and sinks.

Good, put your face in the water if you can!

…

Yep, that's it.

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

…!

Kurusugawa raises her head.

Don't be scared of the water. Just hold your breath and you'll be fine.

She bobs her head up and down.

That's a nod.

Okay, try putting your face in the water again.

…

There you go.

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

She's getting good.

Looks like she's doing fine, so maybe I can let her try on her own.

I let go of her hands.

And immediately…

…!

Kurusugawa struggles to stay afloat.

Ack, sorry, sorry.

Bluh!

She frantically clings to me.

Then she coughs a bit.

S-Sorry, are you alright?

She somewhat awkwardly nods.

Maybe I should've warned you. You were doing so well that I thought you'd be fine.

…

Sorry, I won't do it again. You want me to keep holding your hands?

She nods.

Then let's start again.

She nods.

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

That's right, don't bend your knees!

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

Very good! Keep your head down too!

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

That's right, don't raise your head too much!

*splash, splash*

*splash, splash*

Good, keep it up!

We hang out for a whole three hours.

Kurusugawa beats her old record, and she manages to make it past ten meters too. She swims a whole fifteen meters.

We have yakisoba noodles for lunch.

Kurusugawa says it's her first time having yakisoba.

She thinks it's delicious.

Kurusugawa.

…

I had an awesome time. What about you?

I ask.

It was fun.

She says, nodding.

Let's go again, okay? We can aim for twenty-five meters next.

Okay…

She nods again.

Aah…

What a fulfilling day.

Kurusugawa makes everything fun.

S-Sorry, but I've got a bit of a crisis on my hands!

I'm panicking.

And then…

…

She says she understands and apologizes. She sounds sad.

What? Oh, I-I'm not blaming you for…

She hangs up.

K-Kurusugawa?!

I hear a dial tone.

Aw, man…

But I wanted to talk to her.

Kurusugawa…

Oh yeah!

There's no time for this.

The eggs!

It was too late.

Of course it was too late. I should've known.

They were already burnt by the time I smelled something.

I should've just given up on them and talked to Kurusugawa.

Ugh…

This sucks.

Well, at least there's bacon.

…

As soon as I step out of the classroom, I run into Kurusugawa in the hallway.

Hey, Kurusugawa, what's up? Oh, you wanted to talk to me?

Apparently, she had been waiting outside the classroom for me.

She could've just called me over. She's always like this.

She can be pretty proactive, but she's strangely socially awkward in some ways.

Well, that's what makes her who she is.

So what'd you need?

I ask.

…

She hangs her head and sounds embarrassed.

What? You finished making the potion?

She nods.

Huh. So, what potion?

I ask with a smile.

…

Kurusugawa looks a bit sad.

What?

…

Uh, what? I asked you to make it for me in the hall the other day? A love potion?!

Did I do that?

Actually, wait…

If I remember right…

Oh yeah, if you can make magic potions, a love potion would be pretty sweet!

…

What? How would I use it? Heheh, isn't it obvious? I'd have you drink it. Then you'd fall in love with me.

…

Haha. She blushes and averts her eyes.

It was just a little joke.

I'm just kidding. Wait, what?! You'll try making one?! A love potion?! S-Seriously?!

She responds with a slight nod.

Oh yeah, I did say that! What? And you made one?!

*nod*

She nods.

What's that? You want me to come to the club room to test the effects?

Test the effects?

So she's going to drink it and see if she falls in love with me?

But if she's even willing to drink it, that'd imply she must already like me, so either way…

Wait, seriously?

I can't help but smirk.

I just have to tell her whether I'll go to the club room or not.

How should I respond to her feelings?

A. I'm in!

B. I can't do this yet.

Of course I'm in!

Kurusugawa has a hard time with social interaction, and this is her own awkward way of expressing her love.

I can't reject her.

Got it, then let's go. Let's find out if that magic love potion works.

Kurusugawa looked embarrassed.

…

She nods.

Sh-She's so cute!

We go to the Occult Research Club room.

Then, we go inside.

The Occult Research Club room…

It looks the same as ever.

There's a mysterious smell.

Candles are burning.

I look around blankly until… Eventually… Kurusugawa shows up in her witch outfit. She must have just put it on.

In her hand was a suspicious brown bottle.

…

What? That's the love potion? Show me.

The bottle is full of liquid.

It's transparent in the light from the candles.

There are no snakes or lizards in there, at least.

Unless snakes or lizards were boiled in it, I guess.

I'd rather not ask.

So you just have to drink that? What? You fall in love with the first person you see after drinking it? Hmm, sounds sketchy.

…

Oh, I-I'm not doubting you or anything. I just don't know how you'd make something like that.

Which means I'm doubting her, really.

…

What? You'll try drinking it? And if you fall in love with me, that means it worked?

*nod*

She nods, takes the bottle back from me, opens the top, and gulps it down.

Y-You actually drank it…

…

After she finishes, Kurusugawa's face turns red like she's drunk, and she spaces out.

She looks so sexy that I actually gulp despite myself.

She slowly looks up.

…

She stares at me.

I see my face reflected in her shining eyes.

Wh-What should I do?

Now she's done it.

She's staring directly at me.

K-Kurusugawa, did you fall in love with me?

I anxiously smile.

Yes.

She nods.

S-Sounds kinda fishy!

I say with a wry smile.

I mean, you made that potion. You'd be motivated to say it works. So how can we be sure?

…

My questions seem to bother her.

Oh, well, I mean, uh…

…

What? You want to know if I'll try it too? It makes your heart race? Th-That means you want us to fall in love?

…

Kurusugawa looks away as if embarrassed.

Of course I'll drink it.

I bring the bottle to my lips and drink the remaining fluid.

Kurusugawa's lips touched this bottle!

That's enough to make it worth it.

*gulp, gulp*

I swallow everything left in the bottle.

…

Kurusugawa seems to quietly gasp, but I don't know why.

My first impressions of the potion is…

O-Oh crap.

All I could think was that it's gross.

But that's fine.

The best medicine is bitter.

Imagining what ingredients produced this flavor makes me sick, so I try not to.

Kurusugawa is watching me with an uneasy look in her eyes.

Oh, I already looked at her face.

So now I'm in love with her?

It's hard to tell.

I love her either way.

…

My face is kind of hot.

I'm blushing.

*sigh*

I let out a long breath.

Was there actually alcohol in that potion?

…

Oh yeah, it's working…

She was right. My heart is racing, and it really is like my feelings for Kurusugawa are growing.

Aah, Kurusugawa…

She's always so beautiful.

Her long, shiny, black hair, her bright eyes, her perfect skin…

Her quiet, refined personality…

Serika…

Don't stare at me like that.

My heart is aching…

Just then…

…

She says my name.

What?

That brings me back to reality.

It's like I woke up from a dream.

Oh, you want to know if it worked? W-Well, I'm not sure. Did it work for you?

…

What? It did?

She nods.

S-So you're in love with me?

She nods again.

R-Really?!

*nod*

She nods once more.

Aaaah, sh-she's so cute!

She loves me?!

This is her peculiar way of confessing her love.

Ngggggh…

I can't wait any longer!

Kurusugawa!

I spread my arms wide.

…

Kurusugawa walks over to me and presses her body to mine.

I embrace her and stroke her shiny hair.

It smells nice.

…

Kurusugawa gives me a dreamy, affectionate look and rests against me.

I relax my whole body.

It's like she trusts me wholeheartedly.

Kurusugawa…

She's so cute.

I love her so much I don't know what to do with myself.

She says she loves me.

And I love her.

I love her so much.

The potion didn't change my feelings.

Why do I love her so much?

I try thinking about it.

Because she's pretty?

That's one part of it, of course.

Because she's a little weird?

I'm pretty sure that's what first got my interest.

But that's not all.

I feel close to her, but I also feel a yearning for her, and that makes me want to both protect her and be affectionate and vulnerable with her.

I have so many reasons to love her that I can't find a clear answer.

That's how much I love her.

…

So, obviously, I'm happy about this.

I am, but…

But…

Hey, Kurusugawa.

I whisper.

I'm very happy to hear that, but something about this feels wrong.

…?

Kurusugawa doesn't seem to understand.

I mean, the love you're feeling is just the potion, right?

…

So when it wears off, you won't love me anymore?

…

That's kinda sad.

…

It's not supposed to be like that. That's not real love.

…

I love you.

…

I've loved you for a long time, even without this potion.

…

So, I wish I could do this with you without the potion.

…

Kurusugawa thinks for a while.

…

Then she whispers into my ear.

…

What? Oh, you loved me before this too? R-Really?

*nod*

Still in my arms, Kurusugawa gives me a subtle but firm nod.

Kurusugawa…

Powerful emotions well up inside me.

However, those feelings are short-lived. A moment later, Kurusugawa explains, "I love you as a close friend."

My heightened emotions fizzle out.

Wh-What? Ha-hahaha. So that's what you mean. I-I see, alright. I had the wrong idea.

I let out a dry laugh before hanging my head low. Kurusugawa looks at me and asks a question.

…

What? You want to know what kind of love I was talking about?

Well, I meant I love you as more than just a friend. …You want to know how much more? Well, I love you in a way that makes me want to hug you like this.

…

What? We're hugging right now?Th-That's fair. Kissing too, then. What?!Y-You want to kiss me too?!

*nod*

She nods.

Y-You want to kiss me?

She gives me a small affirmative bob of her head..

I-I mean kissing as more than like, a greeting or something. Like a romantic kiss. Do you understand that?

She nods again.

Her cheeks are flushed faintly red.

It seems like she gets it.

Are you absolutely sure?

She nods.

S-So I can kiss you?

*nod*

A-Alright…

I put my hands on her cheeks.

They're soft and smooth.

Serika…

I whisper.

…

Her bright eyes stare into mine.

I bring my face close, tilt her head up, and gently press my lips to hers.

…

…

It's just a touch, my mouth barely grazes hers.

But it makes my lips tingle.

It's our first kiss.

It's a bizarre kiss in an eerie room, but it doesn't feel that way at all.

I'm kissing her.

That's all it takes to chase every other thought from my mind.

I can't think of anything but her…

…

Hey, wait!

Isn't this a little much?!

Oh?

Th-The world…

The world is spinning…

An instant later…

I collapse to the floor.

Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm…

I open my eyes and groan as I raise my head.

I see Kurusugawa looking a bit distressed.

…

She's looking at me with concern.

What? You want to know if I'm okay? Well, seems like it, but what the hell happened?

A guilty look appears on Kurusugawa's face, and she explains…

…

What? That potion? Just a gulp of it was enough to get the effects?

She nods.

C-Could you not have said so sooner? I drank the whole bottle.

She tells me I drank ten times what I needed.

Seriously?

Its effects wear off around an hour later.

Whew, feels like it finally wore off.

I look up at the ceiling and sigh.

…

What? Oh, I'm fine now. What about you?

She says it wore off for her too.

I see.

…

…

…

So the potion wore off?

…

…

…

…

Do you still love me?

I whisper to her.

Yes.

She bashfully replies.

Nggggh!

I can't resist her! It's happening again!

I get closer and wrap my arms around Kurusugawa.

Let me ask you again. Do you love me?

Yes, I love you.

Her whispers are so sweet.

They leave me feeling more intoxicated than I did after the potion.

Me too. I love you more than anyone.

…

What? You too? I see, I see!

I hug her close.

She buries her face in my chest.

I can feel her love.

She is in my heart…

I'm in her heart…

We're each other's most precious person.

But…

Something makes me a little uneasy.

We come from two different worlds.

She's from the rich and famous Kurusugawa Group.

And I'm just the only son of an average office worker.

We were born into different families and grew up very differently.

The worlds we live in are nothing alike.

That doesn't matter much for friends, but if we were going to be a couple…

I can't help but fear that we'll one day face an insurmountable obstacle.

…

As I think about that…

*sst, sst*

Kurusugawa suddenly starts stroking my head.

Kurusugawa?

…

What's wrong, you ask? Oh, nothing.

I must have looked pretty gloomy.

She noticed that and started stroking my hair.

*sst, sst*

…

What? I can tell you when I'm worried about something?

She nods.

Um, but…

…

I…

…

It's no big deal…

…

*sst, sst*

…

…

Heh, heheh, doesn't seem like I can hide things from you.

Oh well, it is what it is.

I decide to be honest.

Well, it's nothing really, but…

…?

I feel like we live in two different worlds.

…?

You're from the Kurusugawa family, and I'm just the son of a normal office worker. I feel like dating might pose some issues for us in reality.

…?

I mean, think about it. They'll probably say I'm not good enough for you.

In response to that…

…

Kurusugawa looks sad.

Ngh…

As soon as I see that, I realize what I've done.

This isn't like me. What am I being a coward for?

What use is there in worrying about this nonsense?

I'm in love with her. Of course I'm ready for whatever comes with being with her…

Hiroyuki…

She says my name.

Her voice is delicate as ever, but this one time, I hear it loud and clear.

Kurusugawa?

And then…

…

She approaches me and whispers into my ear.

Hm? You're asking me if it's okay if we do a ritual?

*nod*

She nods.

What ritual?

…

What? A magic ritual to make others approve of our relationship?

She nods.

That'd be awfully convenient.

I almost smirk, but…

…

When I see her staring at my face, I don't.

In those clear, unwavering eyes, I see the strong, unmistakable power of belief.

Her magic…

It doesn't matter if it's real or not.

What matters is whether I believe in it.

That's what's important.

Okay, let's do it.

I tell her.

She performs a ritual to make others approve of our love…

And I do it with her.

Flickering flames…

Their faint light makes the golden magic circle shine.

We stand in the middle of it, take each other's hands, and chant the same words.

When we finish chanting, we prick our fingers with needles and drink each other's blood.

It's the kind of dark ritual you'd expect of a witch, but somehow it doesn't bother me.

It's enchanting to me.

We suck each other's fingers and lick up the blood.

The feeling that we're doing something forbidden makes it into a sexual experience.

I don't know if it's because of the ritual, but the bedroom look in Kurusugawa's eyes is even more pronounced than usual.

The tip of her tongue touches my finger.

My tongue touches her fingertip.

The mysterious, exciting sensation intoxicates me in a way that kissing her didn't.

My anxiety is overshadowed by the burning adoration I feel for her.

Love doesn't need to be rational.

It's instinctual.

I feel that strongly.

No matter what anyone says, no matter what's waiting for us, this passion can overcome it.

That's how I feel.

In the room lit orange by the candles…

Her magic gives me courage.

Spring, summer, autumn…

The seasons pass, and winter arrives.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

…

Isn't it your birthday?

She nods.

Then how about you and I have a party tonight? I actually have something prepared for you.

In response to that…

…

She gives me a somewhat apologetic look.

…

What? You can't? Why?

…

You're having a party at your house?

*nod*

She nods.

Oh, yeah, makes sense.

I awkwardly smile.

I'm sure your family puts on some huge parties.

…

Oh, sorry! Never mind! Forget I said anything.

…

That's all I wanted to ask today. Bye!

I smile and wave before going back down the hall.

Oh…

After two or three steps, I stop.

Oh I forgot something important.

I turn around again.

Hm?

Happy eighteenth birthday!

I wink.

Hiroyuki…

She murmurs my name.

Uuugh, I'm bored.

I worked part time jobs to save up money to celebrate Kurusugawa's birthday for nothing.

Oh well, it is what it is.

I'll use the money to buy a present for her.

Not that the money I was able to scrounge up can buy much for her.

…

Man, why'd I have to be born middle class?

I wish I was born as rich as the Kurusugawa family.

Or maybe even richer.

I guess one day I can get there myself.

I can study economics or something in college and become the secret ruler of Japan.

Alright!

That's gonna take a long time to pull off, though…

I lie face down on the bed when…

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

The phone near the front entrance rings.

I go downstairs.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*click*

I pick up the phone.

Hello, this is Fujita.

Hiroyuki?

I hear a girl's delicate, barely audible voice.

I already know who she is.

My eyes go wide.

What's up? How's the party?

…

When I hear what she says next…

What?!

I shout.

What?! The park nearby?! You're already there?! G-Got it, I'll be right there!

*CLACK*

I slam the phone back down, scramble to get my shoes on, and rush out in what I'm already wearing.

Whoa, it's cold!

N-Not good.

I need a jacket.

I'm in the park at night.

It's quiet.

I see the light of the city in the distance, and sometimes a car speeds down the road ahead.

The park seems empty.

However…

Hello?! Kurusugawa! Serika!

I cry out for her.

…

I see her in the darkness.

Wh-What are you wearing?

I'm shocked when I saw her.

The reason being…

…

Wh-Why are you in a dress?

…

Wh-What?! You ditched the party?! C-Can you do that? It's your party.

However, Kurusugawa doesn't say a word. I'm stunned when she walks over to my side, brings her lips to my ear…

…

…and softly whispers.

What? You'd rather be alone with me than at a big party?

She nods.

She leans against me.

K-Kurusugawa…

…

I hug her.

Y-You really shouldn't be out dressed like that in the cold. Your shoulders are freezing.

I wipe my teary eyes, give her my jacket, and wrap my arms around her from behind.

There's nobody else in the dark, quiet park.

The soft light of the street lights illuminates us.

Still in my arms, Kurusugawa clasps her hands together.

Her neatly combed hair has the same pleasant smell as usual.

Her breathing…

Her chest rises and falls as she breathes in her low-cut dress.

She probably came knowing she'll get in trouble later.

I can feel her determination.

Kurusugawa…

I whisper, my cheek against hers.

We hug without words, warming each other.

My warmth for her…

Kurusugawa is a year older than me.

She's rich and beautiful.

She's a witch, and a somewhat mysterious one at that.

And she's my precious, irreplaceable girlfriend.

What trials await us?

I can't even imagine.

But I know there's nothing we can't overcome.

No matter what harsh reality is waiting for us, we can take it.

I will never let her go.

She always gives me courage.

That's her mysterious magic.

It's the magic of love, and it's only for me.

Serika…

I whisper her name into her ear.

Hiroyuki…

She responds, wearing a natural smile.

Hmmm…

Honestly, I'm not even sure if I really love Kurusugawa yet.

I certainly don't dislike her. I even find her cute.

But I'm not sure that's real love.

So she went out of her way to make that for me?

I feel bad for thoughtlessly asking.

But I would feel even worse saying yes when I'm not confident in my feelings.

I hate to turn her down, but I have to pass for now.

Sorry, but I'll pass.

I tell her.

I understand.

She looks disappointed.

Uh, s-sorry.

I apologize.

…

She shakes her head.

Then she just tells me not to worry about it before she leaves.

It's first period break.

I'm heading to the bathroom to wash my face and wake myself up when someone taps my back from behind.

Hm?

I turn and see Kurusugawa.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

…

What? You're sorry about the other day? Hahaha, it's really fine. I had fun.

…

What? Boss? Yeah, I never did get to see him.

…

Am I disappointed? Hmm, maybe a little bit.

…

You're saying there's another night this summer that's perfect for summoning spirits, and this time you won't mess it up? I see.

She nods.

Got it, then I look forward to it.

She nods again and walks back down the hall.

During third period break…

I'm walking down the first floor hallway.

*yaaawn*

The weather's nice again today.

I yawn and gaze out the window, spotting a familiar face in the courtyard.

Serika, the daughter of the Kurusugawa Group, a corporate giant that commands respect from everyone.

She's supposedly the whole package: gorgeous, brilliant, and as graceful as they come.

We come from completely different worlds, and yet we're bumping into each other more often lately.

It's funny how connections between people can start in the most unexpected ways.

Now, about her…

She's sitting on the bench in the courtyard by herself. As for what she's doing…

She's doing nothing again.

She just sits in the morning sunlight and watches the clouds.

I have no idea what she's there for.

Sunbathing?

She's sat so still that I think she might be sleeping with her eyes open.

She's like a doll.

What a weirdo.

Then, at lunch time…

I was on the way back from buying cafe au lait from the vending machine when I spot Kurusugawa in the courtyard.

I approach her.

Hey, My Lady.

When I tap her shoulder from behind, she slowly turns around.

Eyes shimmering subtly, she looks at me.

She emotes about as little as usual, but I have started picking up on the subtle changes in her expression.

She seems happy to see me.

She's holding a pink bento bag.

Did you eat lunch? Oh, not yet? Then you're about to?

She nods.

It's pretty late to start eating.

I check the time. It was 12:35.

25 minutes have passed since lunch break started.

I always buy lunch and eat it within five minutes of the bell ringing.

But Kurusugawa likes to take her time, I guess.

I sit on a bench with Kurusugawa.

She takes her bento box out of the bag.

It's a small plastic one.

I figured she was rich enough to have lunch cooked and delivered by a personal chef, but her food is surprisingly simple.

Huh, so you always sit here and eat lunch?

*nod*

Makes sense. Even the courtyard gets crowded as soon as lunch starts.

*nod*

Anyway, don't mind me. Eat up quick.

Kurusugawa opens the lid of her bento box.

She slowly chews her food like an herbivore eating grass.

I slurp the cafe au lait through a straw next to her.

Huh, that's a pretty basic lunch. Oh, the Hamburg steak looks good.

…

What? Do I want to try some? Yeah, for sure! Heheh, thanks. Did it sound like I was asking for some? Well, aaaah…

I open my mouth wide and wait. Kurusugawa brings some Hamburg steak to my mouth with chopsticks.

*chomp*

*munch, munch*

Yeah, that's great! Figures you'd use some high quality meat.

…

What? Do I want this sausage too? But then you wouldn't have anything left for yourself

…

You never finish your food anyway? You ought to eat more.

…

Oh, you won't leave any leftovers from now on? Okay, do that. But, well, you don't have to today. I'll help.

…

Okay, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah…

I flirt with her for the rest of lunch.

Then, during the third period break…

I'm walking down the hall when I again spot Kurusugawa in the courtyard.

Is she sunbathing again?

That's what I think, but then I realize she seems to be wandering around.

What's up?

Serika!

When I call her name, she stops and looks at me.

What are you doing?

She approaches me.

Hey.

When I stand in front of her, she seems happy.

Her face looks blank at a glance, but there's a subtle difference in the way her eyes move.

I'm becoming an expert on her facial expressions.

You've been wandering around here for a bit. Are you looking for something?

She nods.

What? You're looking for a black cat that lives around here? I didn't know there was one.

…

There is? And you're using a dowsing pendulum to find it?

She shows me a metal pendulum that has an amulet tied to it.

Hmph. Want me to help look for it?

She nods blankly, but she seems happy.

*rustle, rustle*

Hey, cat! Come out!

…

*rustle, rustle*

Come out, cat!

…

*rustle, rustle*

Doesn't seem like it's here.

…

What? The dowsing pendulum says that it's under this veranda? Alright, I'll take a look.

*rustle, rustle*

Oh!

In the darkness beneath the veranda, I see two shining eyes.

…

…

Our eyes meet.

Alright, I'll try calling for the cat.

Here, kitty, kitty…

…

Here, kitty, kitty…

Meow.

Here, kitty, kitty, kitty…

Meow, meow.

Seems like it's working.

Good kitty. Come here…

Meow, meow, meow.

It gets a little closer.

Here, kitty, kitty…

Meow, meow, meow, meow.

Just a little more.

Come out, kitty! Meooow<rep rep_heart>

Hissssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss…… ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!

The cat's fur stands on end, and it backs away.

How predictable.

Gah, you stupid cat! You think you're cute?!

Hissssssssssssssssssssss!

This isn't working.

As I'm about to give up…

…

Kurusugawa kneels down and beckons it over.

The cat runs over to her, and…

…eagerly jumps onto her lap.

Oh, c'mon.

…

She holds the black cat and stares at it.

This cat kinda sucks.

The more I look at it, the more hateful its face seems.

But it doesn't matter.

Well, I'm glad we found it.

She nods, the cat still in her arms.

Do you like cats?

She nods.

"I don't mind them."

She answers.

Huh. So what are you gonna do with that cat? Do you want to keep it?

She shakes her head slowly.

Then what?

…

What? Your next ritual needs a sacrifice? Wait, a sacrifice?!

I'm stunned.

A s-sacrifice…

*nod*

She nods slowly.

Hey now…

That's not funny.

Ha-haha, th-that's a pretty edgy joke. You're too kind to do such a thing. You're kidding, right?

…

…

…

Are you serious?

She nods.

What?!

Aaaah…

You can't just casually take a life, animal or not.

I always assumed her black magic would involve doing some dark stuff, but sacrificing a cat?

I have to admit that puts me off.

…

She just keeps staring at the mean cat.

Man, if it weren't for this stuff, she'd just be a nice, normal girl.

Maybe her strict rich girl upbringing led to some twisted hobbies.

Thinking about it that way, I feel a little bad for her.

The annoying cat meows.

What cat's meow is just as obnoxious as it is.

You suck, cat.

I grumble.

Meow!

*chomp*

Ow!

The cat bites my hand hard.

Asshole!

The cat meows again.

Meooooooow!

It's like it's sneering at me.

Y-You jerk! Alright, fine. Kurusugawa, go ahead and sacrifice it.

At least its life will be worth something if it helps your magic research, right?

…

Good for you, stupid cat.

Hissssssssssssssssssssss!

*chomp*

Ow!

The cat bites my hand again.

J-Jerk! Alright, let's hold the ritual after school today.

…

She keeps staring at the cat and doesn't move.

Hm? What's wrong?

…

What? You feel bad for it? This ugly cat?

…

You think it's cute?! Are you kidding? What's cute about this loathsome cat?!

…

You really think it's cute? Seriously?

*nod*

She nods.

Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally?

She nodded.

Hmmm…

We have different ideas about what's cute, apparently.

…

You're not going to sacrifice it? W-Well, that's fine.

…

What?! You're going to keep it as a pet instead?! This wretched cat?!

She nods.

I think it'd be better not to.

Hissssssssssssssssssssss!

*chomp*

Ooow!

Wh-Why does it only bite me?!

Meooooooow!

Kurusugawa puts the obnoxious cat down, but it stays by her.

You're really gonna keep this cat?

She nods.

Well, I won't stop you.

Meooooooow!

But it really sucks!

Hissssssssssssssssssssss!

*chomp*

Owww!

And so, Kurusugawa takes in the ugly cat.

Fifth period break…

I unexpectedly bump into Kurusugawa in front of the clubhouse, a place I hardly ever go by.

Hey.

…

Oh, hello? Yeah, hi. What are you doing here? School's not over yet.

…

Feeding the cat? You mean that stupid―err, that black cat from before? Are you keeping it in the club room? I guess that's fine as long as nobody finds out.

And then…

Meooooooow!

The annoying cat appears.

Meooooooow!

The annoying cat nuzzles up against Kurusugawa's leg.

It loves her, at least.

The cat rubs its body against Kurusugawa's shins.

It pisses me off watching it be affectionate with her.

Anyway, Kurusugawa…

…

That black cat is acting like it's your familiar or something. Hahaha.

I say kind of jokingly.

Then the obnoxious black cat…

It does something almost human.

It grins.

What?

Hahaha.

I just imagined that, right?

It's lunch time.

Masashi and I eat sandwiches in the courtyard.

Hiroyuki, I need to go to do something for the soccer club.

Alright, got it. I'll just stay here and get some sun.

Okay, see you later.

Masashi smiles and waves before he leaves.

The afternoon sunlight is bright.

I stretch my arms and yawn.

*yaaawn…*

I lean back on the bench and squint as I look up at the sky.

Oh right, Kurusugawa should be coming with her lunch soon.

Perfect timing.

Maybe I'll relax and chat with Lady Serika.

As I think about that…

*rustle, rustle*

Something moves in the foliage behind me.

Oh?

I turn to see what it is and…

Master Fujita!

Whoa!

I'm suddenly confronted with a big old man's face.

I know this face. It was Kurusugawa's butler.

My apologies, maybe that was a little mean. Hwaaahahahaha!

He keeps the same expression as he cackles, moving only his jaw.

Where'd you come from?!

The grass, I suppose. Hwaaahahaha!

What is this dumb old man's deal?

Man, what the hell? Your lady's not here yet. She'll probably arrive with lunch in about ten minutes.

You know her well, Master Fujita.

Master Fujita?

Why's the old man calling me Master now?

He was always hostile and condescending before.

What's he up to?

School's not even over yet. Why are you here?

I came to deliver a freshly made lunch to Lady Serika.

He shows me the pink bento bag in his hand.

However, simply delivering it would be rather artless. I wanted to surprise her by hiding in the grass.

Or you could just give it to her. You should know to just do your job by your age, old man.

Don't call me old man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

!

My ears ring.

My name is Sebastian.

S-Sebastian?! Liar! You're clearly Japanese!

It's a nickname. My Lady lovingly performed a magical ritual to select it.

*blush*

The man who calls himself Sebastian turns red with embarrassment.

…

At any rate…

The old man clears his throat and stops joking around.

You see, Master Fujita, there was something I wanted to ask of you today.

He gives me a serious look.

You want me to do something?

Yes. It's about none other than Lady Serika.

Serika?

Yes.

He slowly nods.

About Serika?

Hah, he's probably going to tell me to stop spending time with her.

What is it, then?

I ask in an annoyed tone. The old man takes a breath before bowing.

And then…

Please remain with Lady Serika forever.

That's his request.

Uh…

This was not at all what I was expecting. I'm left stunned.

What do you mean?

I can't help but read into his words.

It is what it sounds like. I have no ulterior motive.

Uh huh, so you want us to be together.Well, you didn't need to ask me to do that.That was my plan anyway.You're the one who's always getting in the way of that.

That request came from her grandfather. You know Lady Serika is quite beautiful, of course, and she attracts some unsavory pests. Keeping them away from her is my duty.

So I was one such pest, then?

Yes.

He nods emphatically.

Dumb old man.

But that's no longer the case. I see things differently now.

Really?

Yes. You changed my mind.. Lady Serika looks forward to going to school every day now. We've never seen her this way before.

*sigh*

Slightly embarrassed, I scratch my nose.

So, have you been serving her for a long time?

Yes, for her entire life.

He looks off into the distance as if remembering something.

When Lady Serika was younger, she was always locked away at home and all alone.

Tears well up in his eyes.

I don't care about an old man's tears, but I am interested in hearing about Serika.

She was all alone?

I ask for more info.

The esteemed Kurusugawa family is a house of the highest standing. Their daughter exists in a completely different sphere from the common people.

She was raised away from regular society so as not to be corrupted by lowbrow culture.

The old man starts rambling, so I straighten my posture and listen.

Lady Serika was raised by her grandfather, the head of the family.

Her parents had to move to New York for a few years to start a new business, leaving her in her grandfather's care.

He and Lady Serika's grandmother were certainly protective of their first grandchild.

She was given as sheltered an upbringing as could be.

And now it seems she may have been too sheltered.

She wasn't allowed to go anywhere but school.

She couldn't watch TV.

She couldn't read books or watch videos without prior approval either.

She only had me, her grandparents, and her strict teachers to talk to.

I often pitied her, but I owed too much to her grandfather to speak against him.

She received the affection of her grandparents, but had no friends her age. Every day she would stay at the estate and play with dolls by herself.

I still remember her playing by putting her favorite stuffed rabbit toy to bed, all alone.

It still brings tears to my eyes.

When Lady Serika was eleven, her parents returned to Japan with her younger sister, Lady Ayaka.

She was finally free from her excessive restrictions.

But she was so deprived of social development in her youth that she grew to be an introvert who struggled to make friends.

Unlike her sister, she had no close friends in elementary or middle school and spent her days alone.

Her parents couldn't bear to see her that way, so rather than send her to a strict and prestigious high school, they had her attend this more relaxed and casual one.

However, this did little to change Lady Serika.

Even at a school for commoners, she couldn't make friends.

Well, sorry this is such a commoner school.

She had little experience being friends with anyone until she met you.

Me?

Yes. After she became friends with you, she still looked the same as ever, but somehow she seemed happy.

Haha.

She says you're her one precious friend.

Her one precious friend?

Yes?

…

That kind of makes me blush.

Master Fujita.

Y-Yeah?

This is why I ask you to remain close with Lady Serika.

I-In what way?

As a friend.

…

Her grandfather commanded me never to let any male friends get close to her.

But I'm fine?

Yes, for her sake. I'm defying his orders from now on.

Old man―err, Sebastian.

Oh, Master, forgive me!

After the war, I wandered the scorched ruins of the city, getting in street fights with ruffians until you took me in.

And I, Nagase, will forever be indebted to you!

Nagase? Is that your name?

Also, street fights?

That explains why he's in such good shape.

Now, Master Fujita, I'll be leaving for today.

May I ask that you give this bento to Lady Serika?

Y-Yeah.

I nod and take the bento bag.

Then farewell.

Oh, wait!

What?

I wanted to ask something.

Very well, what is it?

When did Lady Serika get into magic and stuff?

After her parents returned to Japan when she was in elementary school.

Oh.

Lady Serika was allowed to read non-academic books for the first time.

She found an old magic book the madam had brought to our library, and she seemed to quite like the illustrations. She started looking at that instead of picture books.

A magic tome instead of picture books…

I remember that being the start of it. She began to take serious interest in the contents of the book, so she slowly read through it with a dictionary in hand.

But why did the madam have that book?

Because…

Because?

…She was a witch!

What?!

I'm kidding.

…

She happened to acquire it on her honeymoon in London, I believe. She bought it as a souvenir.

In London?

Now, I must be going.

The old butler (Sebastian, allegedly) politely bowed before leaving.

Hmmm…

So that was how she got into witchcraft?

You never know what'll come to define a person.

Just then…

Lady Serika arrives.

Hey, My Lady. Your butler brought this for you.

I show her the bento bag.

…

You want to know where Sebastian is? He already left. By the way, what's with his name?

…

It's a special nickname? Calling him by that name brings good luck? How do I get a name like that? Actually, never mind.

…

What? Do I actually want one? No, I'll pass. I mean, what if I got something lame?

During the break after fifth period…

I unexpectedly bumped into Kurusugawa in front of the clubhouse, a place I hardly ever go by

Hey.

…

Feeding that black cat again? Yeah? You're nice to that cat.

…

What? You're gonna make a new magic potion and you want to know what I'd want? You'll give it to me when it's done? Hmm, let's see…

…

Hmmm…

It's hard to come up with a magic potion on the spot.

Oh yeah, if you can make magic potions, a love potion would be pretty sweet!

…

What? How would I use it? Heheh, isn't it obvious? I'd have you drink it. Then you'd fall in love with me.

…

Haha. She blushes and averts her eyes.

It's just a little joke.

Anyway, jokes aside… Wait, what?! You're really gonna try and make it?! A love potion?! S-Seriously?!

She nods.

With that, she goes to the club room.

Hmmm, she said she's going to try making a love potion.

If she actually succeeds, I'd just have her drink it so she falls in love with me.

Does she know what that means?

But if she knew that and agreed to make it anyway, then…

Maybe I should interpret that positively.

I see someone unexpected in the hall.

It's Serika Kurusugawa of the famous Kurusugawa family.

What's she up to?

Hey there, Kurusugawa.

I stand in front of her and smile.

What brings you here? …What? You're here for me?

She nods.

There's always something odd about her.

It makes her hard to talk to.

Then what do you need?

She shows me what she's holding.

What's that?

It's a deck of cards with eerie illustrations.

They aren't playing cards.

They seem like cards for fortune-telling. Tarot cards, I think.

They seem legit.

…

What? You'll use those to tell my fortune?

She tilts her head slightly up and down.

I guess that's a nod.

Why does she want to tell my fortune all of a sudden, though?

Hmmm, what should I do?

A. Then tell my fortune.

B. Not now.

Then will you tell my fortune?

…

What? Will I go to the Occult Research Club room? Or would I rather have my fortune told in the classroom?

Hm, let's see…

Checking out the club room would be nice, but it'd also take more time.

I decide to pass on that for the day.

Let's do it in the classroom. Nobody else is around anyway.

Expressionless, Kurusugawa nods.

Well, sit wherever you like.

When I say that…

…

Kurusugawa can't seem to decide where to sit.

Look, here. Sit here.

I pull a chair over and have her sit on it.

Alright, now do it.

I urge her to continue.

Kurusugawa nods.

I can't say I was expecting fortune-telling when I saw her in the hall. Kurusugawa is so unpredictable.

Why is she going out of her way to do this for me?

Oh, wait a second…

I see.

It's because I said I was interested in the occult before.

That's why she wants to do this for me.

Hmmm…

For being so rich, she's pretty conscientious. What a wonderful person.

Kurusugawa asks me what kind of fortune I want. After thinking about it for a bit, I go with a basic option and ask whether I should go to college or get a job after high school.

She begins telling my fortune.

Her slender fingers reach for the cards.

She flips them over one at a time.

She doesn't have any fancy magic tricks, but she seems to have plenty of experience with this.

She flips over more cards.

Each time she flips a card, a mystical aroma seems to waft through the otherwise familiar classroom.

Kurusugawa stares at a single point and keeps moving the cards like an automaton.

So, these are tarot cards…

There are mysterious cards like the Star, the Tower, and the Sun, and so forth.

Right now, my fate is unfolding right here on this desk.

How weird.

I'm curious about the cards, but my eyes are even more drawn to Kurusugawa.

Her long, shiny hair…

It seems to gleam in the light from the window.

It's beautiful…

Then, Kurusugawa's hands stop.

…

I ask her if she's done.

She nods.

So what are the results?

What? I should go to college? Huh. And that'll lead to a new life?

She nods.

I see. Then maybe I should study harder so I can do that.

She nods and starts to slowly put her cards away.

I usually don't trust stuff like fortune-telling, but I guess I'll just take this as advice from Kurusugawa.

Eventually, she finishes cleaning the cards up.

Thanks for coming, Kurusugawa.

I stand up from my seat.

…

She stands up after me.

…

What? You want to know if we can hang out again? Yeah, of course we can.

…

Maybe you can show me your club's room next time.

Kurusugawa nods and says goodbye before leaving the classroom.

…

She's nice and pretty, but definitely a bit odd.

Oh, wait a second…

I see.

It's because I said I'm interested in the occult this morning.

That's why she wanted to do this for me.

Hmmm…

For being so rich, she's pretty conscientious. What a wonderful person.

Sorry, but not right now.

I turn her down.

I'm not all that interested in having my fortune told. Sorry, but it's just not really something I do.

…

What? You want to know why not? Well…

I think for a bit.

I feel like knowing my future could be a negative. I mean, that's like reading the end of a book first.

…

She slowly puts her cards away.

…

What? That's a masculine opinion? You think so?

…

Reading the end of a book first is boring? Yeah, so we agree.

I smile.

…

She blushes.

…

What? Going home already? Alright, sorry for saying no when you went out of your way to offer me something. See you later.

Kurusugawa silently nodded before turning around and going back down the hall.

She's kind of weird.

Pretty, though.

Oh, it's Kurusugawa over there.

Alright!

I give her a friendly smile.

Hey, Kurusugawa. Nice day, isn't it?

…

Kurusugawa looked at me and thought for a moment. Then she takes her cards out again.

…

What? Do I want my fortune told? Let's see…

A. Do it.

B. Not now.

Sure, do it.

She looks at me.

Then, she responds with a nod.

Kurusugawa, over here. It's nice and warm.

I beckon her over to the chairs in a particularly sunny spot by the window.

I open the window to let the cool breeze inside.

The spring breeze makes Kurusugawa's hair and skirt flutter.

…

Something wrong? Oh, the wind could blow your cards away? Yeah, good point. Sorry about that. I'll shut the window, then.

*rattle, rattle* *clack*

Is that good?

Kurusugawa nods.

Then here.

I pull a chair over and have her sit on it.

*flick, flick*

Her slender fingers flip the cards over one by one.

A mystical air fills the quiet, empty classroom.

The motion of her hands captivates me.

Eventually, she finishes telling my fortune.

How's it look, Kurusugawa?

I peer into her eyes.

Her gaze meets mine.

…

What's that? I'll have better luck with money in the near future? Huh, I'm short on cash, so that's good to hear.

…

But something bad related to my friends is coming? I need to be particularly cautious with a close friend?

Hmmm, sounds like Shiho.

Got it, I'll be careful.

Kurusugawa cleans the cards off the desk and stands up.

…

She hands me something.

What's this?

…

Oh, an amulet? Thanks, I appreciate it!

…

Her face looks a little red. I don't know if she's embarrassed or if that's just the light from the window.

The amulet she gives me is a piece of marble with a hole in it tied to a string so it can be worn as a pretty pendant.

On the way home that day…

Oh, is that what I think it is?!

I pick up a 10,000 yen bill.

Nice work, Kurusugawa! You were right on the money<rep rep_heart>

Lucky me.

Hell yeah!

I'm so overcome with joy that I pump my fist in the air. Thankful for the amulet bestowed upon me by Lady Luck, I give it a kiss.

However, when you find money on the ground, you should take it to the police station.

Hmm. Sorry, Kurusugawa, but not right now.

…

I appreciate the offer though. We can do it when I have the time.

She nods.

I smile and wave goodbye to Kurusugawa before proceeding down the hall.

Oh, it's Kurusugawa.

I see Kurusugawa standing by the school gate and spacing out.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

When I call her, she slowly turns around.

I'm captivated by the way her long, soft hair sways with her movements.

She really is pretty.

Are you on your way home?

She nods.

Yeah? In that case…

A. Want to walk home with me?

B. See you tomorrow.

Do you want to walk home with me?

I grin. She stares at me.

And then…

…

She gives me an apologetic reply.

What? You'd love to, but…? You need to do something? I could go do it with you.

Just then…

*screeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeech*

Whoa!

A big black limo's tires wail as the car pulls up between me and Kurusugawa.

Wh-What?!

It almost kills me.

Were they trying to give me a heart attack?

*slam*

An aging man in a black suit steps out of the parked limo.

The man in the black suit he walks past me like nothing had happened, walking in front of me as he does so.

Lady Serika, my apologies. Now come to the car.

He's an oddly burly old man with a gray mustache.

He seems more like a butler or something than a chauffeur.

He opens the door to the back seat for Kurusugawa.

Watching this, I…

A. I shout at the old man.

B. I call out to Kurusugawa.

C. I just stood there.

See you tomorrow.

When I say that…

…

Kurusugawa nods.

I wave and walk past her.

On the way down the hill, a classy black limo passes me.

It's probably Kurusugawa's.

It makes sense that a girl as rich as her would be picked up from school.

If only I were so lucky.

Hey, old man! Watch where you're going! Are you trying to kill me?!

I shout at him.

I almost died just now! Drive better!

…

Hey, old man! Are you listening to me?! Old man!

…

Hey! Are you listening?.

I walk closer to him, and then…

*slam*

Whoa!

The old man opens the limo door, and I crash right into it.

It's like a slapstick routine.

I'm left lying face-up on the ground as the limo drives off with Kurusugawa.

I see her looking at me with concern through the window as it disappears into the distance.

Damn that old man.

Kurusugawa gets in the limo.

Kurusugawa!

I can't stop myself from crying out to her.

She jumps and looks in my direction.

Let's go home together next time.

…

She stares at me and nods.

*clack*

But the closed door severs the connection between us.

Oh…

The limo quietly speeds off.

Bye, Kurusugawa.

I mutter at the speeding car.

Kurusugawa watches me from the back seat. It's like she feels awful about what just happened.

All I can do is stand there, stunned.

Kurusugawa glances at me before getting in the limo.

The old man slams the door shut and gets in the driver's seat.

He completely ignores me.

I hear the tires crush the gravel beneath them as the limo speeds off.

All I'm left with is a dust cloud.

I walk down to the first floor.

When I glance out the window, I see a familiar face.

It's Kurusugawa.

She's staring up at the sky again for some reason.

Well, the weather is nice.

Maybe she's sunbathing.

I decide to…

A. Talk to her.

B. Go home.

Yeah.

I might as well say hi.

I go out to the courtyard and approach the bench where Kurusugawa is sitting.

I talk to her.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

…

Kurusugawa hears my voice and turns toward me.

She's spacing out, as usual.

What are you doing? Sunbathing?

When I ask that…

…

Kurusugawa replies that she's waiting to be picked up.

Huh, so you're sunbathing till then?

She nods.

Evidently, I was right about the sunbathing.

How'd you do on your exams, by the way?

In response…

…

She tells me she did well.

Did you? I'm jealous.

…

Oh, me? Well…

A. They were easy!

B. I did okay.

C. I think I'm screwed.

It looks like she was spacing out because she's tired from today's exams.

I should leave her alone.

Later, Kurusugawa.

I whisper that to myself and leave.

They were easy!

I give her a thumbs up.

…

What? Impressed? I'm not trying to brag. They were just easy for me relative to other things.

…

What? You know a spell that'll help me do better in school? You'll cast it on me if I want?

She nods.

It'll make my grades better?

She nods again.

That sounds too good to be true.

But I guess it's worth a try.

Okay, let's do it.

Kurusugawa agrees and starts to chant the spell.

I don't really know what's going on, but I guess she finished casting the spell.

Allegedly, this will make it so when I start studying today, I will go into a trance wherein I'll remember everything in my textbook and notes.

If that's true, it'll be pretty convenient.

Well, convincing yourself that you're under such a spell is probably what makes the difference here.

Whatever the case, Kurusugawa is trying to support me.

Thanks, Kurusugawa.

In response to that…

…

She subtly turns her gaze to the floor.

Maybe she's embarrassed.

I did okay.

I give a neutral answer.

Honestly, I'm not sure if I did well or not.

So that was the only answer I could give.

…

What? You're sure I did great? Thanks, maybe you're right.

…

What? You know a spell that'll help me do better in school? You'll cast it on me if I want?

She nods.

It'll make my grades better?

She nods.

That sounds too good to be true.

But I guess it's worth a try.

Okay, let's do it.

Kurusugawa agrees and starts to chant the spell.

I don't really know what's going on, but I guess she finished casting the spell.

Allegedly, this will make it so when I start studying today, I will go into a trance wherein I'll remember everything in my textbook and notes.

If that's true, it'll be pretty convenient.

Well, convincing yourself that you're under such a spell is probably what makes the difference here.

Whatever the case, Kurusugawa is trying to support me.

Thanks, Kurusugawa.

In response to that…

…

She subtly looks down.

Maybe she's embarrassed.

I think I'm screwed.

I mutter.

Today's a disaster, to be honest.

I try not to show it too much, but it was pretty brutal.

…

What? Cheer up? There's still tomorrow. Hahaha, that's true.

…

What? You know a spell that'll help me do better in school? You'll cast it on me if I want?

She nods.

It'll make my grades better?

She nods again.

That sounds too good to be true.

But I guess it's worth a try.

Okay, let's do it.

Kurusugawa agrees and starts to chant the spell.

I don't really know what's going on, but I guess she finished casting the spell.

Allegedly, this will make it so when I start studying today, I will go into a trance wherein I'll remember everything in my textbook and notes.

If that's true, it'll be pretty convenient.

Well, convincing yourself that you're under such a spell is probably what makes the difference here.

Whatever the case, Kurusugawa is trying to support me.

Thank you so much, Kurusugawa. Feels like I have Lady Luck on my side.

In response to that…

…

She subtly turns her gaze to the floor.

Maybe she's embarrassed.

I'm walking through the shopping arcade.

There's a used bookstore I usually pay no attention to, but on this one day I happen to take a peek inside and see a familiar face.

It's Kurusugawa.

Huh.

So, even the rich girl comes down to this shopping arcade for commoners.

I have no interest in used bookstores, but if Kurusugawa's there, that changes everything.

I step into the store.

It's musty, as used bookstores tend to be.

Books tanned light brown by the sun pack the shelves.

Kurusugawa is reading one such book with a beautiful cover.

She seems intensely focused on it.

I'm not sure if I should interrupt.

Hmmm…

What to do?

A. Talk to her anyway.

B. Leave without saying anything.

Kurusugawa.

I hesitantly call her name.

Hm?

She looks up from her book.

…

But in the wrong direction.

Kurusugawa, over here<rep rep_sweat>

…

Hey.

I raise my hand and smile. She nods at me.

What a coincidence seeing you here.

…

What are you reading?

…

I take a peek at the cover.

Uh, let's see here…

The golden print on the cover reads: "The Origins of Demons in Grimoires".

A. Can I read some of that?

B. Looks pretty dense.

C. So this book is…

Yeah.

She's so into the book that I'd feel bad interrupting her.

I'll just not.

I turn around and tiptoe out of the store.

It doesn't seem like she noticed me.

This is her precious free time.

I'd feel bad making her waste it on me.

I can always see her at school anyway.

Well, I do wonder what she's reading.

Probably some occult thing.

She looks like she's really into that book.

I assume it has something to do with the occult, but I'm curious.

Can I read some of that?

Kurusugawa nods and hands me the book.

I flip through the pages.

Mhm, mhm…

"'The Testament of Solomon, an ancient grimoire.'" "It features a list of early demons such as… Prince Beelzebul and the lustful Asmodeus."

"The names of these demons are believed to have come from… the gods of Zoroastrianism and the Persian people."

I flip the page.

"A later work, 'The Lesser Key of Solomon', lists new demons such as Astaroth and Berith."

"The book describes their personalities and symbols." "Based on these attributes, this is likely the grimoire upon which all future grimoires about demons were based."

I flip the page again.

"'The Red Dragon, a grimoire from the middle ages,' describes a class system in Hell." "Lucifer is the emperor, Beelzebub is prince, Astaroth is grand duke, and so forth."

"Modern demonology has come to consider Lucifer, Beelzebub, and Astaroth to be the most powerful demons."

…

…

…

I see.

So, it describes the origins of demons that show up in these grimoires.

She nods.

That's a pretty intense book.

I say, commenting sincerely.

…

What? You didn't realize it was that intense? Well…

…

She stares at the book.

So you're into demons and stuff?

She nods.

Well, I won't say I'm not interested too.

…

What? Do I want to have a look at the book? Sure, just a little.

I take the book from Kurusugawa.

Then, I open it to a random page.

What's this fly drawing about?

…

What? This is a famous demon? But it's just a fly.

…

Huh, so it's a demon that can take the form of a fly? But if it showed up like this, I feel like I could just crush it on my own.

…

What?! It's gigantic?! Seriously?! Gross, I want nothing to do with giant bugs. Would pesticide even work?

…

There's no book that says anything about trying pesticide on it? Well, that makes sense.

So this book is…

…

It's a book about the origins of demons from different grimoires!

Normally I would expect her to make fun of me for stating the obvious, but Kurusugawa nods.

I actually know a lot about demons. Ever heard of Demon King Ahchoo?

…

No? Haha, then what about Demon King Peccola?

She shakes her head.

You need to study more. These are pretty major demons. Well, I doubt they're in that book.

…

Oh? Want me to teach you? Then I can do that another time. I'll provide my own wonderful illustrations.

Kurusugawa nods.

I go with Kurusugawa to buy 'The Origins of Demons in Grimoires.' Afterwards, we leave the used bookstore together.

Huh, so you can pay with a card here? That's pretty modern for a shop run by an old guy.

…

What? He sets aside books that you're interested in buying? He sounds nice.

She nods.

I guess he really is a nice guy.

Do you come to this bookstore often?

She nods.

Huh, cool. Is the old man into the same stuff as you?

…

He's a member of a magic association? That's a thing?

She nods.

Anyway, it's not often that you're by yourself. How about you and I go and―

It's time to go, Lady Serika.

Just then, a man in a dark suit, the most stereotypical butler I'd ever seen, came out of nowhere.

…

What? You have to go? Alright, that's too bad.

…

Well, until next time, then.

Kurusugawa looks a little disappointed as she leaves.

All that remains of her is the subtle scent of her hair.

The butler escorts Kurusugawa to the black limo.

She glances back at me as it starts to drive off. I smile and wave.

Hmmm…

I guess rich girls have to follow a strict schedule.

I kinda feel bad for her.

When I exit the classroom, I run into Kurusugawa.

Hey, my lady. How was your day?

…

Nice weather, huh?

She nods.

She's as spacey as ever.

I was wondering if she'd tell my fortune with tarot cards again when…

…

What's that? You have your after school club today, and you wanted to ask if I'd join?

She nods.

I'm invited to attend a meeting of the Occult Research Club.

…

You'll take me there like you promised before? Hmm, well…

What should I do?

A. Go.

B. Some other time.

Alright, I'll go.

I nod.

I come to school every day, but there are places on campus that I know nothing about.

The club house is one such building.

There's a row of signs for different clubs.

The Photo Club, Handicraft Club, Acting Club, Manga Research Club, Film Research Club, Railroad Research Club…

This hallway is normally quiet, but at the moment I can hear laughter and music. It's oddly lively.

I have to wonder what Kurusugawa's Occult Research Club is like.

Here?

Her long hair subtly sways as she nods.

On the ordinary door is a sign that reads "Occult Research Club".

It looks surprisingly normal from the outside.

I had been imagining something darker and more sinister.

But what really matters is what's inside.

The door to mystery is about to open.

My excitement shoots up.

Kurusugawa unlocks the door.

*creak*

I hear metal scrape against metal as she opens the door.

…

What? I can go in? Alright then.

The room is pitch black.

The windows are blocked by blackout curtains. When the door shuts, the only light is what little shines through from the hall.

My senses first pick up on a mysterious fragrance.

A citrusy scent fills the room.

I can't see anything until Kurusugawa lights a candle.

Can't we just turn the lights on?

Kurusugawa tells me it's important to set the mood.

Oh, okay.

Now that I can see, the occult-ness of the room is apparent.

There are spooky items all around the room.

Talismans, amulets, and candles sit on the table, creepy posters are stuck up on the walls, and the shelves are packed with thick books.

There's a weird handmade doll too.

Although it doesn't have any pins stuck in it, it's still plenty eerie.

Man…

It's like a little occult museum.

And the biggest surprise is…

*clank* *clank*

Whoa, is this a metal magic circle?

I'm standing on a big magic circle made from a metal plate.

…

What? It's a demon summoning circle?

She nods.

The circle part is for warding off evil and the triangle part is for summoning?

She nods again.

Wow, this is intense.

I can't help but whisper to myself.

Whoa…

Taken aback, I slowly look around the room.

Ah!

When I see Kurusugawa illuminated by the candle, I jump.

D-Don't scare me like that, Kurusugawa. What? You got scared too? Sorry about that.

However, she doesn't look at all scared to me.

And…

As Kurusugawa stands there, spacing out in the dim candlelight…

I can't help but think she has a sort of mystical allure.

The vibe of the room probably has something to do with it.

But this is pretty cool. Did you collect all this stuff yourself?

…

Oh, the other members helped? That's right… You're not the only member, huh?

She nods.

Hmmmm…

I look around the room again.

Oh, Kurusugawa, what's this?

A. Ask about the rolled up paper.

B. Ask about the weird doll.

C. Ask about the leaves in a glass bottle.

Sorry, but maybe some other time.

…

What? Next time I get the chance, then? Okay. Sorry I had to turn you down.

Kurusugawa bows her head a little and leaves.

She looks dejected as she leaves. I feel kind of bad about it.

Sorry, Kurusugawa.

But what can the Occult Research Club even be using its room to do?

I unfurl the rolled up paper sitting on the edge of the table and ask about it.

A torii gate mark is in the middle of the paper.

The words 'Yes' and ‘No' are on each side of the gate.

Below that is a list of letters.

They've all been written with a calligraphy pen.

The paper itself is traditional Japanese paper and seems old.

Is this for playing kokkuri?

She nods.

When I was in elementary school, the girls in my class would play kokkuri during breaks and after class all the time.

Kokkuri is a divination game about summoning a fox spirit to receive messages from it.

…

What? Do I want to try it? Hmmm…

I made fun of the girls who played it at the time, but…

Sure, might as well.

I want to try it with Kurusugawa.

She prepares with that sheet of paper and what looks like three chopsticks crossed together.

Apparently, that's what we will use to ask the questions.

The girls in elementary school used a five yen coin, but I guess we're using the chopsticks.

Well, it probably doesn't matter.

Kurusugawa opens the window to the northeast by about four inches.

Presumably, that's for the spirit to enter.

Wind blows into the room and makes the curtains sway.

Once we're ready, Kurusugawa and I sit on either side of the table and grip the aforementioned chopsticks.

Her hand is dainty and soft.

My job is to question the spirit, while Kurusugawa is supposed to be possessed by it.

There's actually supposed to be someone else to record everything, but it seems like that isn't absolutely necessary.

Then, the ritual finally begins.

Uh, Kokkuri, Kokkuri, come on out.

We start to pray.

Although this isn't the sort of thing I typically take seriously, the atmosphere in this club room and Kurusugawa's entirely earnest expression get me invested.

Kokkuri, Kokkuri…

After we repeat it enough times…

*whooooooosh*

Wind suddenly blows through the window. That's supposed to be the instant Kokkuri enters Kurusugawa's body.

Kurusugawa gets on all fours and hops around, showing that she's been possessed.

…

Well, seems fox-like enough to me.

Um, are you Kokkuri?

When I ask that…

Oh!

The chopsticks move.

They stopped on "Yes".

Is it not Kurusugawa moving it right now?

The chopsticks move again.

They slide across the paper…

And stop on "No."

There's no way this is real.

Oh yeah, Kurusugawa said I have to ask where Kokkuri came from first.

Alright then.

Kokkuri, where did you come from today?

The chopsticks move again.

They spell out…

sa…

n…

pa…

u…

lo…

Oh, from San Paulo? But you understand Japanese pretty well.

The chopsticks move again.

They spell out…

g…

a…

g…

Gag? Oh, it's a joke? You were joking about coming from San Paulo?

Yes.

Starting off with a joke? You're such a rascal, Kokkuri.

Yes.

…

…

Um, so Kurusugawa really isn't doing this?

Yes.

It's Kokkuri?

Yes.

So you're a fox?

Yes.

Are you sly?

Yes.

This is only getting more unbelievable.

qu…

es…

ti…

on…

What? A question?

Yes.

A question, huh? I haven't thought of one.

an…

y…

thi…

ng…

wo…

rk…

s…

Huh, what a generous Kokkuri.

Nothing's going to happen until I ask a question, so I give it some genuine thought.

Let's see…

Alright, do you think Kurusugawa and I could be a couple?

…

The chopsticks stop moving.

And then…

Oh…

"Yes".

I look at Kurusugawa.

Her cheeks seem a little flushed.

Wait, seriously?

Kurusugawa isn't the one moving the chopsticks?

Well, whatever the case, I'm happy about the answer to my question.

Thank you, Kokkuri. You can go now.

Then, Kokkuri leaves.

Kurusugawa, was that really Kokkuri?

She nods.

It said we could be a couple. What do you think?

…

Nwahahaha. Kokkuri said it, so I choose to believe it.

…

Her cheeks turn redder and redder.

I ask about the weird doll on the table.

What's this made of?

She tells me it's made of corn husks.

Huh, a corn husk doll? Never seen one before. What? Making one of these with someone else is supposed to bring you closer? Really? Then how about we make one?

In response… Kurusugawa nods.

I have a knack for handicrafts. Well, not really, but making this kind of thing with someone else sounds nice.

Plus, I really do feel like it could bring us closer.

Kurusugawa gets the materials ready right away.

She opens a drawer and takes out about thirty dried corn husks.

This room has everything.

Then she boils the husks in water to soften them.

The prep work for this is pretty tough.

Then, it's finally time to make the doll.

But I haven't done anything crafty like this in a while.

The last time I did was when I built a model kit in elementary school, I think.

…

What? You want me to copy what you do?

She nods.

Okay, got it.

…

I watch what she does.

She starts wrapping corn husks around each other.

Let's see here…

First, she layers three husks to form the arms.

Two husks around a scrap form the head.

She sticks the arms onto the bottom part of the head, completing the upper body.

It's surprisingly simple.

Next, there are leg parts for a male doll or a skirt for a female doll, and that's combined with the upper body.

After that, they're bound with string.

Just tie it all together and…

Alright, done!

I finished. This is my corn husk doll!

I proudly show Kurusugawa the completed doll.

Of course, I just copied what she did, so she finished before me.

Hmmm…

Kurusugawa seems pretty used to making these.

Mine's a little crude by comparison.

…

What? Next is the baptism? What's that?

…

It's like a spell? To improve our relationship?

She nods.

A spell to improve our relationship…

Having her stare right at me while saying that admittedly makes me feel kind of awkward.

Kurusugawa fills a wash bowl with water and sprinkles water on the dolls as she chants a spell.

Tiro, si, nav…

Hm?

It sounded like she said my name in the middle of the spell.

When the baptism or whatever concludes, Kurusugawa takes out a red ribbon and ties the two corn husk dolls together.

…

What? So we're closer now?

She nods.

She seems confident in her reply.

Our dolls are bound tight by the red ribbon.

Heheh.

That fills me with joy for some reason.

I ask about the glass bottle on the shelf with leaves in it.

The leaves are dried and about three inches long.

What are these leaves?

She tells me they are bay leaves.

What are they for? Potpourri?

…

What? They bring good luck? Bay leaves bring good luck?

She nods.

…

Huh, so it's a witch thing?

She nods again.

…

What? You'll give me one? Sure, I could use some luck.

Kurusugawa picks up the glass bottle and opens it.

When the cork pops off, a nice aroma fills the room.

Bay leaves are apparently used as herbs too.

Kurusugawa prays to the leaf before carefully placing it in an envelope that she hands to me.

Heheh, thanks!

It's a small brown envelope.

So I should just keep this on me all the time?

She nods.

Then I'll put it in my bag. I always have it on me anyway.

I open my bag and stick the envelope in an inner pocket.

So now I'll have good luck too?

She nods.

Heheheh.

Somehow I feel like this leaf might actually bring me good luck.

I see things like people praying for good luck at train stations all the time.

That stuff's pointless.

I fundamentally don't buy into any of it.

It all seems fishy.

But this is different.

It's like this envelope contains a goddess's prayer.

Or something like that.

…

Urgh…

Maybe it has something to do with the vibe in the room, but…

Kurusugawa has a particular mystique to her that day.

Heheh.

I smile, trying to hide my bashfulness.

…

Kurusugawa blushes and lowers her head.

It depends on how you think about it, but I feel like I'm already pretty lucky.

*yawn* I'm tired…

I leave the classroom and yawn.

I always get sleepy like this in the spring.

Oh!

Then, I notice something.

Isn't that Lady Serika?

Hey, my lady!

I call out to her.

…

What, I seem tired? Yeah, that happens in the spring.

…

You have good medicine for that? It'll wake me up and energize me?

She nods.

…

Will I try it? Maybe.

I…

A. Take the medicine.

B. Don't take it.

Alright, I'll try some.

…

Oh, you need to get it from the club room and want me to wait in the courtyard?

She nods.

Kurusugawa nods and goes back down the hall.

I sit on the bench in the courtyard and wait a little while before she arrives.

She's holding a small brown bottle.

…

What? You're sorry you took so long? Oh, I wasn't waiting long at all.

She hands me the bottle.

Thanks. Huh, so this is the medicine? It's like a nutrition supplement for fatigue or something?

The small glass bottle was about the size of a Lipoenergy S bottle. Nothing was written on the label.

I look at the bottle in the sunlight and see nothing suspicious inside.

It's an ordinary liquid.

…

Kurusugawa stares at me.

I guess I shouldn't doubt something she gave me.

W-Well, I guess I'll try it.

I twist off the plastic lid.

It opens easily.

I wonder why this isn't one of those lids you can pop off, but whatever I guess.

H-Here goes.

I place the bottle against my mouth and chug.

Ugh…

It's bitter.

It tastes like some weird herbal medicine was mixed into the liquid.

Still, they say the best medicine is bitter.

I'm sure it has to be some high-end medicine the Kurusugawa family ordered.

Wait, what?

I'm seeing two Kurusugawas.

No sooner do I think that than…

Oh, she multiplied again.

There are three now.

That's not good.

I'm seeing things.

Hey, uh, Kurusugawa? Who makes this drink? What's in it?

Uh, oh crap.

Everything…

Aaah, the world…

The world is spinning.

Nnnngh…

Oh?

What the hell?

Oh…

Kurusugawa.

She's peering down at me with concern.

And the back of my head…

I feel something nice and soft against it.

Ah…

Is this her lap?

She's staring at me…

…Wah!

I frantically jump up.

…

What happened to me? I fainted?! Seriously?!

H-How?

Oh, the medicine? You mixed it wrong? S-So you made it yourself?

She nods.

She has an apologetic look on her face.

Wait, homemade medicine?

Oh man…

So then, I say…

A. D-Don't give me more medicine.

B. I'm sure it'll be good next time.

C. You need to try harder!

No, I'll pass.

I turn her down.

I'm not tired enough to need medicine.

But thanks. I'll try it next time I'm sick.

She nods.

See you later.

I part ways with Kurusugawa.

Don't give me any more medicine.

…

Well, thankfully, nothing bad happened this time, but it's a bad idea to take poorly made medicine.

…

Oh, you're sorry? Wait, I'm not trying to be too critical. You were worried about me anyway. I'm not mad. So…

Hm?

You want to walk home together?

…

Kurusugawa nods.

I'm sure it'll be good next time.

…

Make me some medicine that works, okay?

When I say that…

Kurusugawa looks at me…

and nods twice.

Anyway, Kurusugawa…

Hm?

You want to walk home together?

…

Kurusugawa nods.

You need to try harder!

…

Haha, just messing with you. Well, failure is the first step on the road to success. Keep it up.

…

I'll help you next time, if you want.

She nods.

Her eyes shine with the beginnings of tears.

Alright, then that's enough about that. Anyway…

Hm?

You want to walk home together?

…

Kurusugawa nods.

We leave school together.

Kurusugawa slowly walks by my side.

This might be my first time walking home with her.

Yep, it is.

Maybe we could hold hands too.

I've been feeling hot all over since earlier.

Maybe the medicine is working.

I don't feel tired at all.

I guess the medicine she gave me was actually pretty effective.

Kurusugawa, about that medicine…

Before I can finish talking…

*screeeech*

A black limo parks in front of us.

I've come to pick you up, Lady Serika.

An old man in a black suit gets out of the car.

Hey, old man. Sorry, but she's walking home with me today.

Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!

!

M-My ears…

Now, Lady Serika, get into the car.

…

Kurusugawa…

…

Kurusugawaaa…

…

He ends up taking her away.

Even after she gets into the car, she keeps staring at me.

Kurusugawa, come baaack!

I walk downstairs to the first floor hallway and glance out the window.

Oh? Isn't that Kurusugawa?

She was sitting on a bench in the courtyard, reading a book.

A. Approach and talk to her.

B. Leave her alone.

I decide to approach her and talk to her.

I walk across the bridge corridor that connects the two school buildings and walk out into the courtyard.

Kurusugawa has a book on her lap that she's reading in silence.

The soft wind makes her pretty hair flutter.

Reading on her own in the courtyard after school?

She looks like a beautiful painting come to life.

Seeing her like this really makes her come across like a rich girl.

I get in front of her.

Kurusugawa<rep rep_heart>

…

Kurusugawa looks up at me.

She stares.

Hey, what are you reading?

She closes the book and shows me the cover.

It's a hard cover book and looks expensive.

What, An Introduction to Ghosts? Haha, that's about what I'd expect you to read.

I awkwardly smile and sit next to her.

Do you read here often?

She nods.

…

Huh, so you kill time here until you're picked up?

She nods.

Hmmmm…

…

What about your after school club? You don't have a meeting today?

She shakes her head.

I see, so you don't always have club meetings. I guess you couldn't anyway. You're rich, so I'm sure your parents are super strict.

…

Mn…

I sit down and lean back against the bench.

Anyway, nice weather today.

I squint and look up at the sky.

…

She looks at the sky too.

It's a lovely afternoon.

The sun is still high in the sky.

I can hear the after school chatter in the distance.

The wind makes Kurusugawa's hair flutter and sway.

I don't know why, but…

Being with Kurusugawa makes me feel oddly calm.

I wish I could be with her always.

But that's weird in itself. I decide to brush that thought aside.

By the way, Kurusugawa…

Hm?

A. How big is your allowance?

B. Do you have any other interests?

C. Do you eat fancy food every day?

She seems focused on her book. I don't want to interrupt.

I decide to leave.

How big is your allowance?

I ask.

You probably get a lot, right?

…

Oh, there's no set amount? You just pay for everything with a card? Huh, that's like having infinite money.

Well, I guess that's to be expected.

Trying to spend less on food to save spending money is something only commoners have to worry about.

Do you have any interests aside from occult stuff?

I ask.

…

What? Not really? Huh, I figured you'd have some bougie hobbies.

…

What are bougie hobbies? You know, like dancing and riding horses and stuff, I guess.

…

You've done both of those? I knew it.

…

You were bad at both? Hahaha.

That wasn't hard to imagine.

But you dance? Have you gone to balls? Yes? Huh, neat.

…

Balls are the stuff of fairy tales as far as I'm concerned. I'll bet you wore pretty dresses to those.

She nods.

I'd love to see you in a fancy dress.

I imagine her dancing in a ball gown.

Yep.

Just how you'd expect a rich girl to look.

But it's hard to imagine her gracefully dancing.

Do you eat fancy food every day? I bet you do.

I ask.

What? You're not sure if the food you eat is fancy? I guess you'd have nothing to compare it to.

…

What? What kind of food do I eat? Well, for example…

Wait a second, what do I eat?

I try listing some things I'd eaten recently.

How about rice with egg and grated yam on top. You eat that?

She shakes her head.

No? Then what about nameko mushrooms with grated daikon?

She shakes her head again.

No? Seriously? What about boiled tofu?

Another no.

You've never had boiled tofu? I almost feel bad for you.

…

She looks sad.

Well, in that case… I'll teach you about some commoner food next time I have the chance.

…

What? You like that idea? Alright, you can count on me. I'll even cook for you.

She nods twice this time.

I guess she really did like my suggestion.

We continue to spend time together.

About five minutes later, Kurusugawa checks the time.

…

Oh, you're getting picked up? Then I'll go to the school gate with you.

When we get to the school gate…

I've come to pick you up, Lady Serika.

The old man comes out from behind the limo.

…

What? You need to go? Okay, see you.

She bows to me and gets in the car.

The old man gets in the driver's seat, and the black limo quietly speeds away.

A princess in a castle and a commoner…

That's what we were like.

We live in different worlds.

Uh-oh.

I think I've been holding in my pee for too long.

I need to use the bathroom.

Oh!

It's Kurusugawa.

…

Hey, what brings you here?

I walk over to her.

Oh, you wanted to talk to me? Hmmm…

This is bad…

I don't have time to chat.

What should I do?!

A. Sorry, just give me a second!

B. Some other time!

S-Sorry, just give me a sec! There's something I have to do.

She nods.

I'll be right back.

I awkwardly grin, wave goodbye, and leave.

Whew…

Ahhh, that's better.

It feels like I let everything out.

Time to go home.

It sure has gotten warm.

I guess that's normal for this time of year.

The cherry blossoms are falling too. It's just going to get hotter.

I wish it'd stay at this temperature.

…

Hm, something's nagging at me in the corner of my mind.

I feel like I'm forgetting something…

What is it?

…Aaaaah!

Kurusugawa!

I completely forgot!

I told her to wait for me.

Oh crap, I've gotta go back!

…

But wait…

It's been a while since then. She must have gone home by now.

I'm already pretty far from school.

…

Oh well, I'll just go home.

…

Hmmm…

But what if she's still waiting for me. She's not, is she?

Not even she would do that.

…

What am I thinking?!

Knowing her, she absolutely could be waiting for me!

I run back to school at full speed.

*huff, huff, huff*

The school is red under the sunset.

Only a few students are still inside.

But…

Kurusugawa!

…

As I feared, she's standing by herself in the hallway.

K-Kurusugawa…

I try to ignore the aching in my heart as I slowly approach. Sounding the same as ever, she asks me if I finished what I needed to do.

Oh, yeah.

I nod.

She waited for me all that time.

She spent so long waiting for me to come back.

Aware of the guilt eating away at me, I say…

A. Stupid, you could've just gone home.

B. Sorry…

C. Waaah, I'm so dumb!

S-Sorry! I'm in a hurry today. Maybe some other time!

I give her a somewhat forced smile, then wave and rush away.

Whew…

Ahhh, that's better.

I wonder what Kurusugawa wanted to talk about.

…

Well, whatever.

I'll see her again later.

Stupid, you could've just gone home.

Kurusugawa hangs her head low.

She apologizes.

I'm sorry.

St-Stupid, I'm not mad at you. You could've just gone home without me.

…

Oh, you stayed because I told you to wait? That's dumb.

I shut my eyes and try to hold back tears.

Sorry.

I bow to her.

I don't make any excuses.

It was my mistake.

She has every right to be angry at me.

…

She takes a step toward me.

Then, she slowly raises her hand.

I don't care if she hits me.

It would be no worse than what I did to her.

But she doesn't hit me.

Her touch is gentle.

…

She softly pats my head.

K-Kurusugawa, why?

…

What? You don't know what I'm sad about? How can that be? I…

She keeps stroking my hair.

…

You want me to stop being sad?

She nods.

Her hand is still stroking my head.

K-Kurusugawa…

My heart is heavy with guilt.

But when Kurusugawa strokes my head, it somehow calms me.

Her unwavering eyes are focused on me, and when I look into them, I see the most incredible kindness.

Thanks, I'm good now.

Kurusugawa nods and pulls her hand away.

In my mind I apologize to her again.

Waaah, I'm so dumb!

I hold my head and cry out.

Why am I so stupid?!

How could I leave you here like that?! I'm such a moron! Kurusugawa, punch me!

She looks distressed.

…

What? You're not mad? Really?

She nods.

…

What? You're just glad you got to see me? Oh, Kurusugawa, I'm sorry!

I learn too late just how kind Kurusugawa is.

Oh, right, didn't she want to talk to me about something?

So, what was it that you wanted?

Kurusugawa looks a little shy.

…

What? You wanted to ask if we could walk home together?

She nods.

Th-That's all?

She nods again.

You waited for me this whole time just for that?

Another nod.

K-Kurusugawa!

I give her a hug.

I even forget to restrain myself and squeeze her too hard.

She's startled.

Kurusugawa, I'm sorry. I'm sorry…

But as I'm stroking her head…

…

She closes her eyes and leans her entire weight against me.

I welcome the feeling of her body against mine.

I can't help but shed tears.

I'm such a piece of garbage.

How could I forget such a nice girl?

Serika…

I whisper her name into her ear.

She grips the shoulder of my uniform.

And then, under her breath…

Hiroyuki…

She says my name.

Let's go home.

She nods.

I hug her tight again.

Apparently, the old butler isn't picking her up today.

She says that's why she can walk home with me.

Still, I can't believe she waited for so long just to walk home with me.

Kurusugawa…

…

She peers into my eyes.

I take her hand.

Well, let's go.

She nods.

We leave the school.

The evening spring breeze makes Kurusugawa's hair flutter.

It all feels oddly nice.

This is our first time going home this way together.

But then…

Ladyyy…! Serikaaaa!!!

…

…

The black limo screeches to a stop in front of us. The same old man steps out from inside.

I've come to pick you up, Lady Serika. What's that? Am I not sick anymore? Oh, you would deign to worry about my health?

A little illness cannot hold me back from serving you, Lady Serika… *cough* *cough*

Y'know, if you're sick, you should really stay at―

Sileeeeeeeeeeence!

!

He shouts me down.

Even after that…

*thpppt*

All I do is stick my tongue out at him, but…

Quiet, boy! *cough* *cough* A wretch- *cough* of your ilk- *cough* bothering Lady Serika- *cough* *cough*

God, you're annoying.

*cough* My apologies. Now, Lady Serika, get in the car.

…

Kurusugawa, you said we could walk home together today.

…

Kurusugawa…

…

Now, let's not waste time! *cough* *cough*

Oh…

The old man in the black suit forces Kurusugawa into the car.

As the limo speeds away, she keeps staring back at me through the window.

If I hadn't forgotten Kurusugawa and left school without her, we could've avoided this.

Damn it!

I'm furious at myself for being such a fool.

I spot Kurusugawa at the shoe racks.

She's standing there spacing out as usual and holding her bag.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

…

She turns toward me.

Heading home?

She nods.

In that case…

A. Want to walk home with me?

B. Bye!

Want to walk home with me?

I ask.

She looks at me, and…

She nods.

…

What? That's why you were waiting for me? Really?

She nods again.

Heheh, that's nice to hear.

I just hope the annoying old man doesn't show up.

It's odd…

The black limo usually arrives when we leave through the school gate.

…

But it doesn't seem to be coming today.

Is this my chance to walk home with Kurusugawa?!

I'll have to get Lady Serika out of here before the old man arrives.

Alright, no time to waste.

Kurusugawa!

…

Before the old man gets here…

Just as I say that…

Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!

*thud*

A gallant figure in dark clothes appears in front of us.

Wh-What?!

I've come to pick you up, Lady Serika.

It's the same old man.

Y-You geezer! Even the way you show up is getting more annoying!

The limo is parked off to the side of the street where it doesn't stand out.

Now, Lady Serika, get in the car.

Hey, wait, chauffeur!

I am NOT a chauffeur!

!

I am a butler who has served the Kurusugawa family for fifty years. Don't make the same mistake again.

Tch…

Now, Lady Serika, hurry.

…

Kurusugawa whispers something to the butler.

Wh-What?! You want me to drive him home?!

She nods.

Absolutely not, Lady Serika! I cannot let this commoner into the Kurusugawa family car!

Whatever, sorry I'm such a commoner.

This is simply unacceptable, Lady Serika!

…

No, I will not! Not even at your request will I…

…

Urgh!

…

L-Lady Serika, you know I find it hard to say no when you make that face.

…

Ugh…

…

Urgggh…

…

U-Understood. If you insist.

The old man gives up and heads to the car.

Kurusugawa speaks to me.

…

What?! I'm getting a ride home? Seriously?!

She nods.

Are you coming or not, boy?!

The old man shouts.

Why does he have to talk down to me?

Well, I'll just let it slide for today.

…

Kurusugawa walks off and asks me to come along. I get into the limo with her.

Wow…

Fancy cars are something else.

The seats are warm, and it has everything you could ask for.

I can feel the wealth.

I can't hear the engine or anything.

Classical music plays at a low volume.

Most commoners would never get to ride in a car like this.

The school gate shrinks into the distance.

It doesn't feel like we're going fast at all.

Oh, that's Shiho walking over there.

Sucks to be you, commoner!

I consider waving to her, but I'm too embarrassed to.

This will be the one and only time that a commoner rides in one of our cars.

Uh-huh.

Oh, I swear…

He's still whining.

This old man doesn't know when to give up.

The limo continues onward until I see a familiar park.

Oh, I can get off here.

The car slowly comes to a stop.

…

What? Don't I want to be driven all the way home? It's not far from here anyway. Thanks for driving me! It was a really special experience.

I grin and tell Kurusugawa one last thing before I leave.

A. So we finally got to go home together.

B. If only we could go home together all the time.

C. Give me a ride again sometime.

Bye, Kurusugawa.

I smile and wave.

…

It looks like she's thinking about something.

After a moment, she looks at me.

Then, she nods.

She walks past me.

So, we finally got to go home together.

Kurusugawa nods.

…

…

We stare at each other.

Hwachoo!

The old man lets out a weird sneeze and glares at me from inside the car.

Tch…

As long as he's around, we're never going to be able to openly get together.

Sorry, he's bugging me. See you later, Kurusugawa!

…

I wave and leave.

If only we could go home together all the time.

Kurusugawa nods.

But first we have to do something about him.

I glance over at the old man.

You think that old man would give up and leave us alone if we officially started dating?

…

Just kidding!

Hwachoo!

The old man lets out a weird sneeze and glares at me from inside the car.

Tch.

As long as he's around, we're never going to be able to openly get together.

Sorry, he's bugging me. See you later, Kurusugawa!

…

I wave and leave.

Give me a ride again sometime.

Kurusugawa nods.

Ha! Ha! Ha! Very funny, Lady Serika. The commoner won't be granted such a gift more than once.

The old man interjects from inside the car.

Tch.

As long as he's around, we're never going to be able to openly get together.

Sorry, he's bugging me. See you later, Kurusugawa!

…

I wave and leave.

Oh!

It's Kurusugawa.

Is she waiting to get picked up again?

That means I don't have long until that old geezer in the limo shows up again…

…

That's a face I'd rather not remember.

What should I do?

A. Leave with Kurusugawa before he arrives.

B. Say, "bye, Kurusugawa!"

Alright!

Today I'm going to try taking Kurusugawa with me before the old man gets here.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

When I call her from behind, she slowly turns around.

Waiting to get picked up?

She looks at me for a moment.

Then, she nods.

So I was thinking… You must not get enough exercise being driven home every day. How about walking home with me sometimes?

She nods again.

What? Okay? Hahaha, you don't play games, huh? I like that about you.

When I say that…

…

Kurusugawa hangs her head low and blushes.

Alright, wanna get going?

We have to leave before the old man arrives.

However, as soon as we walk through the school gate, the black limo zooms over like it had been waiting for just that moment.

…

That old geezer is working really hard to tear us apart.

The limousine stops in front of us.

The door opens and…

Wait, what?

It's not the old man.

Hi, Sis! Time to go home!

The person who says that is…

Oh, it's you!

Ah?!

We're both surprised to see each other.

She has long hair, upturned eyes, and she's wearing a Terajo Academy uniform.

It has to be her.

You're that ice cream girl from before.

And you're the guy who peeped up my skirt in the park.

Please don't remember me that way.

What a coincidence seeing you here.

I was just thinking the same thing.

But why is she here?

Wait…

She was in Kurusugawa's car and she just called her, "sis."

That's got to mean…

Is she your sister?

I ask Kurusugawa.

She nods.

Wow.

Kurusugawa's sister…

Oh, are you her boyfriend? Huh, what a coincidence.

B-Boyfriend?

I was about to deny it when I stop myself.

Whatever, let's say I'm her boyfriend.

Hi, Sis! Time to go home!

The girl is as beautiful as Kurusugawa.

She was in Kurusugawa's car and she just called her, "sis," which probably means…

Is she your sister?

I ask Kurusugawa.

She nods.

Wow.

Kurusugawa's sister…

Hm? You're with your boyfriend today? What a nice surprise!

B-Boyfriend?

Kurusugawa's sister stares at my face like she's sizing me up.

Not bad, Sis.

…

Kurusugawa blushes and hangs her head.

I'm kind of pleased by that.

So, boyfriend, what's your name?

Oh, me? I'm Hiroyuki Fujita.

Hm, very interesting…

What?

Yep, you're pretty handsome!

A-Am I?

I see how it is. I didn't realize you were all about looks, Serika.

I mean, I do think I've got a pretty nice face!

Oh, I was only flattering you. I thought that was obvious.

…

Hehe, you'll just eat up any compliment, huh?

Is this really Kurusugawa's sister?

I looked at her and gave my honest opinion of her.

A. You're nothing alike.

B. You look similar, but that's it.

C. You're both beautiful.

I gotta say, you're nothing alike.

Oh, really?

Yeah, really. You have totally opposite personalities.

You think so? We're actually surprisingly similar.

In what possible way? She's not nearly as outspoken as you are.

…

Well, maybe so, but we're similar in a lot of ways too. Like our preferences.

Your preferences?

Yep. Like our favorite foods and taste in clothes and stuff. The types of guys we're into, too.

She giggles and looks up at my face.

Hey now…

So, if Serika can fall for you, then I can too.

Wha?

Oh, you blushed. Haha, did you think I was serious?

…

Sh-She's weird.

I gotta say, you look similar, but that's about it.

Well, we're related, so the first part goes without saying. But what do you mean that's about it?

You have totally opposite personalities.

Maybe at a surface level, but we actually have a lot in common.

Really?

I ask.

Kurusugawa nods.

Evidently, she agrees with her sister.

Like our favorite foods and taste in clothes, for example. We're probably into the same sorts of guys too. I mean, I thought you looked pretty good at first sight.

Wh-What?

Ahaha, I'm just messing with you.

…

Sh-She's weird.

I gotta say, you're both beautiful.

Oh, how nice of you, Mr. Boyfriend!

I'm just being honest.

Hah, then if you're so honest, answer this! Which of us is more beautiful?

Between you and Kurusugawa?

Yep

…

Hmmm, well, I want to say both of you, but maybe your sister?

…

I had a feeling you'd say that.

You don't look too bad yourself.

Oh, thanks.

It's time to go, ladies.

The old man pops out of the car.

He was here the whole time?

He really faded into the background today.

Oh, maybe he has a harder time handling Kurusugawa's sister.

We don't want to be late for our plans.

Yeah, yeah, I know.

Kurusugawa's sister brushes the old man off.

I wish I could get away with that.

Before they leave, the sister approaches me.

Yeah, you actually seem like a pretty decent guy<rep rep_heart>

She winks.

Serika has a good eye for people.

She nods approvingly.

I look like a decent person?

Really?

Well, I guess I agree.

Wow, so another girl fell for me.

I close my eyes and smirk.

If you weren't so quick to buy into your own hype, I'd rate you a little higher.

…

I don't know what to say back to that.

Hey, Mr. Boyfriend.

What?

Take good care of Serika, alright?

Take good care of her?

Now let's go home, Serika.

Kurusugawa nods.

Then, she gives me a silent look that seems to say, "goodbye," and gets into the car.

Maybe we'll meet again one day.

Yeah, I'm sure I'll see you later.

Then her sister gets in, the door closes, and the car cruises away.

The limo shrinks into the distance.

…

They're both pretty weird for rich girls.

Both in their own ways, too.

And when she said to take care of Serika…

Does that mean what I think it means?

Bye, Kurusugawa!

…

I smile and wave, and she gives me a little bow in reply.

It was…

Hi there, Hiroyuki!

Ayaka?

I had a feeling I'd see you here!

What brings you here?

Serika and I have a little business to attend to, so I got driven here against my will.

Business? There's something you need to do?

…

Kurusugawa nods.

Sounds like you can't walk home with me, then.

…

I wasn't expecting to see you two together though. You must be pretty close.

We sure are. Right, Kurusugawa?

…

She nods.

Oh, I'm so jealous!

Ayaka fanned herself with her hand, pretending to be overheated.

Anyway…

Hm?

You do look pretty similar when I see you next to each other.

What, us?

Yeah. Can't deny that you're sisters.

They're both as beautiful as I imagined rich girls to be.

Ugh, damn it.

What's wrong?

You two have some kind of errand to run, right?

Yeah, I guess.

That sucks.

Why?

If you didn't have anything to do, I would've asked the two of you to hang out and go somewhere with me.

Sure, let's do that.

Really?!

You want to too, right, Serika?

She nods.

There you have it.

Alright, then if that's settled…

Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

!

Again with this foolishness, Lady Ayaka?!

Ahaha, I'm just kidding around.

Ayaka sticks out her tongue.

This behavior is unbecoming of a Kurusugawa.

Yeah, yeah, I get it.

Ayaka sounded like she'd been lectured enough times to be sick of it.

Hey, you, whippersnapper!

Whippersnapper?!

He turns to me next.

A lowly commoner like you has no right to invite these young ladies anywhere! Know your place!

L-Lowly?

What an insult.

In any case-!

Whoa!

It's time, ladies. Get in the car.

The butler opens the door to the back seat.

Aw, if we have to…

Ayaka shrugs.

Well, gotta go. See you later.

Yeah, later.

…

Kurusugawa nods goodbye before getting into the limousine.

*clack*

The doors shuts, and the limo races away.

Being a rich girl has its challenges, I guess.

I say, mumbling to myself as I watch the limousine drive off.

I stop by the shopping arcade on the way home.

I pass by the used bookstore and see Kurusugawa in there again.

She's probably looking for some book about the occult again.

Should I walk into the store and talk to her?

A. Go and talk to her.

B. Don't go and talk to her.

I just saw her, so it would be weird to walk away without talking to her now.

Alright, I'll go in there and see how she's doing.

When I'm about to head inside, someone speaks to me from behind.

Um, excuse me, but do you know the way to the closest JR train station?

Oh, for JR you want to go to…

I turn around and…

Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

!

The old man's shout makes my eardrums quiver.

I was wondering who this ne'er-do-well was! It's you again, boy?!

It goes without saying that it's the old butler.

A-Annoying old man, you'll scream at someone without even knowing who they are?

Agh, stay away from Lady Serika, you commoner. You insolent knave! Know your place! Now, begone!

He shoos me like I'm a dog.

What's the problem? I was just gonna say hi to her. Lay off.

I try to walk into the store, but… The old man is there… standing right in my way.

I see you're a bad listener, boy!

What the hell? Move it!

I sidestep to the left.

Hrngh!

I sidestep to the right.

Hungh!

I try to pass to the left of him again.

Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Ugh, shut up! Out of the way!

I'm not going anywhere, boy! You're not taking one step further!

Damn it! Why does this geezer have to keep getting in my way?!

I refuse to back down.

Alright, if it's come to this, then…

A. Shout to Kurusugawa.

B. Pretend there's a UFO to distract him.

C. Just charge right through.

Maybe I'll pass for today.

Kurusugawa only gets so much free time.

I don't want to interrupt.

I walk past the store and head home.

I'll shout to Kurusugawa!

Kurusugawa! Kurusugawaaa!

I yell into the store.

It's me, Hiroyuki!

H-How dare you, boy!

Kurusugawa must have heard us from inside the store, because she opens the door with a clatter and walks out.

Kurusugawa, over here!

I wave her over.

…

She stares straight at me and heads over.

Ten more feet…

Five more…

I reach out my hand.

He's an old man.

Maybe a classic trick could work on him.

I point at the sky and shouted.

Oh, a UFO!

What?!

Gotcha!

I take that opportunity to try to get around him.

But…

Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The old man jumps to the side to block my path.

O-Old man!

Your deception won't work on me!

The old man guffaws, moving only his chin as he lets out a hearty "Hahaha!"

God, you piss me off!

I try to go left.

Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

He blocks me again.

Give up and go home, boy!

Damn it, I'm so mad!

Kurusugawa hears the noise outside and pokes her head out of the store.

Oh, Kurusugawa, over here! It's me!

She notices me waving and walks straight over.

…

Kurusugawa, can you do something about him? He's stopping me from talking to you!

…

Just come over here!

She nods.

Then, she tries to step closer to me.

But…

I'll just charge right through!

Old man! You leave me no choice but to take you down!

Hohoh, interesting! Then come at me, boy!

You're on!

I toss my bag aside and charge.

You may have one foot in the grave, but I'm not holding back! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

*WHAM*

We lunge at each other and end up grappling, his hands locking onto mine.

His face is just inches in front of mine.

Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

We're both giving it everything we have.

Hraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

He and I stand our ground.

Neither of us take a step back as we push against each other.

Heh, heheheh, not bad, boy!

Y-You're pretty good too, old man.

I haven't gotten this fired up in ages. You train in some sort of martial arts, don't you, boy?!

Unfortunately not!

He holds firm and keeps shoving me.

I don't give up either.

Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Hraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Our clash ends in a stalemate. We both run out of stamina and take a break.

K-Kids these days are tough… *pant* *pant*

J-Just who are you, old man? How are you so strong at your age? Huff, huff…

I respect your strength, but I will not let you near Lady Serika. *pant* *pant*

C-Can't you give up, old man? *huff* *huff*

Just then, Kurusugawa hears the commotion and walks out of the store.

K-Kurusugawa, o-over here! It's me!

She notices me feebly waving and walks straight over.

…

Kurusugawa, d-do something about him. He's stopping me from talking to you. *huff* *huff*

…

J-Just come over here!

She nods.

Then, she tries to walk over to me.

But…

I will not allow it!

Ah! You jerk!

No, Lady Serika! Do not let this man deceive you!

Kurusugawa, over here!

I dash away from the old man.

No!

Over here!

I run in the other direction.

Nooo!

Here, Serika!

I try running away from the old man again.

Nooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

Gaaaaaaah, stop already!

Lady Serika, be reasonable! Enough testing me!

…

Kurusugawa, are we not gonna be allowed to talk outside school?

…

The hour has grown late, Lady Serika. Come to the car.

…

Kurusugawa stares at my face.

Kurusugawaaa…

The old man drags Kurusugawa by the hand into the car.

The limo drives away.

I watch blankly as it leaves.

Kurusugawa keeps staring at me from the rear window.

She has the saddest look in her eyes.

Kurusugawa…

We come from two different economic backgrounds. Does that really mean we can never be together?

I've developed a habit of looking out into the courtyard whenever I'm in the first floor hallway.

I can't help but look for Kurusugawa.

Let's see, today she's…

Oh!

There she is.

Kurusugawa is sitting on a bench and spacing out as usual.

Maybe she's sunbathing.

A. Go talk to her.

B. Leave her alone.

I walk out into the courtyard.

Hey!

Kurusugawa turns towards me.

…

Sunbathing again?

She nods.

You sure do like this place. Mind if I sit next to you?

She nods again.

I sit down next to Kurusugawa.

The sky is clear, and the weather is great.

The gentle sunlight and pleasant breeze feel nice.

I can kind of understand why Kurusugawa is always sunbathing here.

Mmmm…

I stretch and look to my side.

Kurusugawa is gazing up at the sky.

I can't tell if she's dozing off or simply doing what she always does.

There isn't much time for me to spend with Kurusugawa.

She'll be picked up and driven home in less than an hour.

This time is precious.

…

She really is beautiful.

I can't help but admire her when I look at her like this.

Her hair blowing in the wind, her dainty lips, her clear skin… it's all perfect.

It's like she's a different species or something.

I normally find this level of beauty kind of off-putting, but Kurusugawa is so quirky and awkward that I don't feel that way.

She's as beautiful on the outside as she is cute on the inside.

Kurusugawa is spacing out, as usual.

…

I'm in the mood for a little flirting.

A. I give her a noogie.

B. I compliment her shiny hair.

C. I abruptly discuss personal problems.

Kurusugawa is on a strict schedule, and this is her time to relax.

I don't want to bother her.

I decide to leave.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

Hm?

I suddenly place both fists against Kurusugawa's head and give her a noogie,

but a gentle one, of course.

…

Kurusugawa doesn't seem to understand. She looks puzzled.

Take this!

…

Eventually she starts to look perturbed.

Seeing that kind of makes me happy.

I want to do more.

Take this!

…

And this…!

…

Kurusugawa doesn't know what to do. She just lets me keep going.

Eventually, I feel like I've bugged her enough, so I stop.

Then I peer into her eyes.

So did that bug you?

I ask.

And Kurusugawa…

…

She nods.

Alright!

I'm not sure what I'm so pleased by, but I pump my fist in the air.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

Hm?

You have some real pretty, shiny hair.

When I say that…

…

Kurusugawa blushes a little and looks down at the ground.

Can I touch it?

She nods.

Alright.

I reach out…

and stroke Kurusugawa's hair.

Her pretty hair absorbs the light of the sun such that it's a little warm.

It's smooth yet soft. It feels nice.

And it smells good too.

Aaah, it's so soft! I could keep touching it for hours.

…

What? I can touch it all I want? Then don't mind if I do.

And so, I run my fingers through her hair…

Stroking it…

And patting it…

And brushing it…

…

I took her up on her offer and touched her hair all I wanted.

At the end, I use the tips of her hair to tickle her nose. She looks a little perturbed.

It's time to abruptly discuss some personal problems.

Hooray!

Hey, Kurusugawa…

I slump my shoulders and lower my voice.

Hm?

There's actually something that's bothering me.

…

What? You're happy to listen? Okay, but what should I talk about… ?

…

Oh, the thing that's bothering me? Oh, yeah, right. That thing.

I try to think of a problem.

It's a family issue.

She nods.

So I've been living by myself for a while. My parents hardly ever come home because of work, so I'm always alone at home, and nobody's there to cook for me. I just eat convenience store food.

I sigh.

But I can't complain too much. My parents are working hard for my sake. Still, though…

…

I'm so lonely!

I bury my face in Kurusugawa's lap.

…

I feel her hand touch me.

She gently pats my head.

K-Kurusugawa…

She strokes my hair.

You're consoling me?

She nods.

Oh, thank you so much. You're so nice… *sob*

She keeps stroking my hair.

Aaah…

Her touch is oddly calming.

There's something satisfying about it.

Maybe I just wanted to be babied like this.

Oh, great Mother Serika!

*thud*

Whoa!

Right as I leave the classroom, I run into a girl standing around in the hall.

She falls to her knees.

S-Sorry! Are you okay?!

I help her up.

She is…

Kurusugawa.

…

She'ss unresponsive, as usual.

Sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going.

I brush the dust off her skirt.

…

What? You're sorry too? You were just walking slowly. It's not your fault.

That being said, maybe she can try being a little more aware of her surroundings next time.

It's dangerous letting her walk on her own.

So what'd you want today? I'm guessing you came here for me.

…

What? You want me to come to the club room again?

She nods.

Hmmm, let's see…

A. Go.

B. Don't go.

Got it, I'll go. I've got nothing else to do anyway.

I head to the Occult Research Club room with Kurusugawa.

We're in the clubhouse's front hall.

One of the rooms in this hallway belongs to the Occult Research Club.

School is out for the day, so this corner of the campus is bustling with activity.

Students are constantly coming and going.

Kurusugawa unlocks the door with a cute little key and welcomes me inside.

Hello!

I enter the room.

What did you say? Summoning magic?

It sounds like something out of an RPG. I just blink in response.

Summoning what? Spirits?

She shakes her head.

No? Oh, rain? Summoning rain?

Kurusugawa nods.

So it's like a rain dance?

…

This is magic you can't do on your own? That's why you need my help?

She nods.

But I'm a total novice at magic. Also…

Hm?

Oh, it's nothing.

I keep it to myself and smile.

I almost tell her that I don't believe in magic.

Well, I'll try to help, but don't expect too much.

…

What, you think it'll be fine? You have a feeling I can do it?

She nods.

I'd rather you not get your hopes up. I don't even know what to do. What's that? The power of faith? What am I supposed to have faith in?

She tells me to have faith in her.

Faith in you?

She nods.

Faith in Kurusugawa, huh?

The scent of incense fills the dim room as the summoning ritual begins.

Clad in a strange black cloak and hat and holding a magic book in one hand, Kurusugawa starts chanting a mysterious spell.

I almost crack a smile at the stereotypical choice of outfit.

Kurusugawa said it's made of materials that enhance spiritual power.

And she claimed her outfit actually holds deep meaning.

She said magic can materialize through a combination of supernatural laws and the power of human faith.

Putting on a performance can increase the power of faith, and that includes the use of outfits.

Apparently, simply using items believed to have magical significance can help a lot too.

Then there's the grimoire she's holding.

She claims it's an authentic grimoire used by some magic society in London.

But what does it even mean to be an authentic grimoire?

Putting that question aside, this is supposedly a real grimoire with a storied history.

Xa, iklo, se…

The power of faith, huh…

To be honest, I deny the existence of magic and can't make myself believe in it.

I want to help Kurusugawa, but I can't help but think my lack of faith will make that impossible.

Za, eruku, fes…

She's pretty cute dressed up like a witch though.

The way her face looks from the side while she chants is nice too.

She sure is beautiful.

Seeing a beautiful girl like her chant so sincerely is somehow enough to make this all feel pretty magical.

…

So she's serious about this.

She bothered to set all this up, and that had to take a while.

She has to be serious.

No way is she messing around.

…

She'll probably be disappointed if it doesn't rain.

…

I don't believe in magic, but I want to make it rain if I can.

The power of faith, huh?

I don't know about magic or whatever, but I want to believe that all of Kurusugawa's work will pay off.

I mean, she'd never lie to me.

…

Will the magic work?

…

I start to think it will.

After all the effort she put in, it has to.

…

I'm sure the spell will be a success.

I'm convinced.

Just as that thought passes through my head, a gust of wind blows through the closed room.

Kurusugawa's cloak flutters.

What? There's wind?

What's this feeling?

It's bizarre.

There's something hot deep inside me.

It's like some mysterious power.

Then, Kurusugawa suddenly stopped chanting.

Is the spell finished?

So, it'll rain now?

Kurusugawa nods.

But the weather's real nice today. I mean, there are a few clouds, but still…

Apparently, it will take a bit before it starts raining.

We decide to head up to the roof and wait.

When we step outside, the sky is clear and blue as far as the eye can see.

It doesn't look like rain is possible.

Still, we sit on the bench and gaze up at the sky for a while.

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

…

It's not raining.

Kurusugawa keeps looking at the sky, her expression is the same as ever.

What should I do?

There's no way it's going to rain.

And the longer we wait, the more disappointed Kurusugawa will be when it doesn't end up raining.

So, I tell her…

A. Looks like this was a bad day for a rain spell.

B. Sometimes you succeed, sometimes you fail.

C. Whatever, let's keep waiting.

Sorry, Kurusugawa, but I'm busy.

…

Kurusugawa looks a bit disappointed.

Oh, y'know, we can hang out some other time though.

She looks at me for a moment.

Then, she gives me a little nod.

The next time might have to be after the school trip.

I walk off without Kurusugawa.

Looks like this was a bad day for a rain spell.

I smile.

…

Kurusugawa hangs her head low and frowns.

I'm sorry.

What are you apologizing for? It happens. I mean, just look how nice this weather is. It'd be kind of crazy if it rained right?

…

What? You wanted to show me that magic is real?

She nods.

…

You wanted to make me happy?

She nods again.

There are tears in her eyes.

…

Kurusugawa…

Okay, got it. Then you can show me some other time.

…

You just got unlucky today.

…

After a moment of hesitation…

Kurusugawa slowly nods.

You'll make it happen next time!

She nods.

And let me help again when you do!

It's time to give up.

…

Kurusugawa frowns and hangs her head low.

Hey, sometimes you succeed, sometimes you fail. If everything always worked, everyone could use magic.

I smile.

I'm sorry.

Oh, Kurusugawa, what are you apologizing for? I actually had a lot of fun.

…

What? You wanted to show me that magic is real?

She nods.

…

You wanted to make me happy?

She nods again.

There are tears in her eyes.

…

Kurusugawa…

Okay, got it. Then you can show me some other time.

…

I'm sure it'll happen if you have faith.

…

After a moment of hesitation…

She slowly nods.

You'll make it happen next time! I know you'll be able to make me believe in magic.

Whatever, let's keep waiting.

I settle on that.

Maybe something will happen soon.

Kurusugawa hasn't given up yet, at least.

The way she stares at the sky…

It looked like she's spacing out, but I'm sure she's taking this all seriously.

If I don't believe in her, then who will?

The power of faith makes magic happen.

Yeah.

I look up at the sky again.

And then…

Oh?

A cloud?

A strong gust of wind up above must have carried a small cloud over.

It's gray.

Like a rain cloud…

And right when it's above us…

*rumble, rumble*

What?

*drip* *drip* *drip*

Our cheeks…

Our shoulders…

And our hair gets wet too.

It's…

Rain!

I jump up.

You did it! Rain! It's raining! You're amazing, Kurusugawa! It's really raining!

…

I take her hand and cheer.

It's a mysterious sun shower.

Rain like this always seems supernatural.

The rain droplets seem to shine silver in the sunlight.

I squint and look up at the sky.

It's such a small amount of rain that it'll dry up soon, but…

It did rain.

Was it summoned by magic, or was it just a coincidence?

I don't know.

But it rained.

It proved the power of our faith.

Kurusugawa, I believe in magic! I mean, I saw it with my own eyes!

…

Kurusugawa hangs her head low. It's hard to tell if she's happy or embarrassed.

Damn, where'd my hundred yen go?

I plan to buy cafe au lait from the vending machine during the break, but I drop my hundred yen coin somewhere.

I search everywhere but can't find it.

I live on such a shoestring budget that a hundred yen was nothing to scoff at.

Sometimes I'd spend it on garbage I didn't need, but I at least wanted to spend it on something.

Man, where'd it go?

I search the entire area.

I even check under the vending machine a few times.

Um, are you looking for something?

I hear a voice and look up.

I see… Multi and… Kurusugawa. They're standing together.

Hey, girls.

Hello, Hiroyuki.

…

I don't see them together often.

Are you looking for something?

Yeah, well, nothing that important, but I dropped a hundred yen.

That's unfortunate. Then I'll help.

You will?

…

Oh, you're helping too, Kurusugawa?

She nods.

But it's really not a big deal.

I'm better at finding things than you'd think.

Huh.

…

Kurusugawa says she'll find it with magic.

Hmmm…

I don't want to reject their offers.

Maybe I can ask one of them to help.

They might get in each other's way if I ask them both.

Should I rely on science or magic?

A. Rely on science.

B. Rely on magic.

Then can you help, Multi?

I hate to say no to Kurusugawa, but I believe more in the power of science.

…

Okay, you can count on me! I can finally put my radar to use.

Radar?!

Yes. The newer maid robots come equipped with it.

Huh.

If this radar's gamma ray spectrum analysis can detect the frequency of the nickel in the hundred yen coin, I'm sure I'll find it!

Oh, that's awesome.

Yes, I just learned about it the other day!

Cool, learning is good. Then can you try finding it?

Yes! Let the search begin!

Multi carefully looks around.

She must be using her radar to search the surrounding area.

About ten seconds later, she crouches down and starts to look all over the concrete.

She peers under the vending machine too.

Hey, are you just searching with your eyes?

Yes, I'm sorry. It seems I don't have radar analysis functionality.

Seriously?

But don't worry. I have a high-spec CCD camera!

She's searching around on all fours. I'm not convinced.

Do you want me to help, Multi?

No, you can relax.

But still…

Excuse me.

Multi starts to check around my feet too.

I get out of her way.

Oh! Found it!

What? Where?!

Under you!

…You're right.

Apparently, I'd been stepping on the coin the whole time.

Good thing we found it.

Yeah, thanks, Multi.

It was nothing.

…

And thank you too, Kurusugawa. Multi found it this time, but I'll look to your magic for help next time.

Kurusugawa nods.

Well, at any rate, I'm glad I got my coin back.

But I can't believe I got help finding a coin from a cutting-edge maid robot and one of the richest girls in the country…

I'll look to magic for help this time.

Honestly, however cutting-edge Multi is, she can be kind of unreliable.

…

Kurusugawa nods.

She elegantly takes a pendulum out of her skirt pocket and holds it in front of her eyes.

I stop myself from asking if she always walks around with this thing and just watch her.

As she waves the pendulum around, a mystical air seems to enshroud us.

Searching…

Searching…

Searching…

The pendulum sways like it's alive.

Then, it suddenly stops.

Kurusugawa looks down as if guided by the pendulum.

…

What? It's under there? Where?

…

My foot?

*nod*

I move my foot aside.

There's a familiar silver glow on the concrete beneath me.

Oh, there it is.

Apparently, I'd been stepping on the coin the whole time.

Hahaha, thanks, Kurusugawa.

…

She whispers "You're welcome."

I really do appreciate it.

…

I'm glad you found your coin.

Multi's happy too.

But I wish I could've helped too.

She sounds a bit disappointed.

Well, hey, I can ask you for help next time.

Okay, I'll do my best when you do!

Thanks.

Don't mention it!

Well, at any rate, I'm glad I got my coin back.

But I can't believe I got help finding a coin from a cutting-edge maid robot and one of the richest girls in the country…

I am wandering around the shopping arcade without much thought.

As I'm about to stop by a book store to do some quick reading, I notice a small boy crying in the corner of the store.

The boy of maybe five or six is bawling his eyes out.

People walk by him without even batting an eyelash.

Geez…

I approach the boy.

What's wrong, kiddo?

I ask.

Mommy… My mommy… *sniff*

The child just keeps saying "mommy" and won't give me a straight answer.

…Did you lose your mom?

This time, he nods as he continues to cry.

I'll help you find her. What's the name?

*sniffle* Sachiko…

That's your mom's name. What's yours?

…Takamitsu.

Takamitsu, eh? That's a good name. How old are you?

*sniffle* Five…

Five years old… So you'll be in grade school next year. You can't be standing around crying just because you lost your mom.

*sniff*

His mom must be nearby if he got separated while they were shopping. I look around but can't find her at all.

I'm tired, Mister.

Takamitsu plops down on the floor.

We've been walking for an hour now…

The kid's still little, his legs must have reached their limit.

I chuckle.

Guess I'll have to piggyback you then.

I crouch down and present my back to Takamitsu.

I piggyback Takamitsu and walk around the somewhat big shopping arcade looking for his mom. By the time we find her, the sun had well and truly set.

Takamitsu's mom had apparently been looking for him outside the shopping arcade.

I could have just taken him to a police station and saved myself the hassle, but I wanted to make sure the kid found his mom safely.

I guess because I went through a similar experience when I was a child too.

In any case, I am exhausted, and my legs are barely functional by the time I get home.

It is break time and I am walking down the hall to go to my new classroom.

Good morning, Hiroyuki!

Whoa!

I yell in surprise at the ambush.

I also feel something heavy hanging from my right arm.

Hi!

L-Lemmy?!

The girl who wrapped herself around my arm with a million-yen smile is my classmate, Lemmy Miyauchi.

Her name is apparently much longer, but she shortened it for use in Japan.

Lemmy was a half-Japanese, half-American girl with blonde hair-born and raised in California before she and her family moved to Japan three years ago.

I knew a bit about her because she attracted attention just for being of mixed race…

But the full-bodied, soft feeling of her against my arm…

There is a voluptuousness about her that came from her American side.

As I thought to myself…

Hiroyuki?

Lemmy says my name.

Y-Yeah?

Lemmy and my mom are the only two girls who call me by my unadulterated name.

…Correction.

Lemmy is the only GIRL.

…Gotta do that classroom shifting soon!

Lemmy sounds disproportionately excited.

It is strange how she can make a mediocre changing of classrooms sound like a fun event.

Yeah…

We are almost juniors.

I hope we end up in the same class again!

Lemmy sounds extra-friendly today.

Y-Yeah.

Have we always been such close buddies?

Inscrutable are the ways people are brought together, huh!

…Huh?

As someone with a Japanese parent, Lemmy has an extremely good grasp of both English and Japanese.

But she is more than just fluent in Japanese. She sometimes uses really obscure idioms and proverbs that not even the Japanese teacher knows.

I wonder if that's why her English pronunciation seems a little off sometimes…

Hey Lemmy, that 'inscrutable are the ways' thing you just said…

I am about to ask her what she means when…

I'd love to go steady with you<rep rep_heart>

She cuts me off.

Wha?

And then the bell rings to signal the start of class.

She skips away from me.

Bye, Hiroyuki! See you later!

Lemmy blows me a kiss.

I was left speechless by the sudden turn of events as Lemmy disappeared.

Go steady with me?

…Has she forgotten what that turn of phrase means?

Alright, what should I do when I get home?

There is something pleasant about taking a moment to decide how I'll spend the evening once I get home.

The only good thing about finals is getting to leave school early.

I'm sure they let us go home early to study for our next exam, but I take it as an opportunity to chill out.

If I have the time to spare then I'm going to make the most of it.

…Should I go straight home or stop somewhere?

Hmm…

…I should start by studying with Akari.

And then…

Hiroyuki!

Huh?

Someone calls out to me as I rack my brains.

Let's walk home together, Hiroyuki!

Oh, Lemmy? Sure thing.

I nod.

Say, Hiroyuki?

What is it?

Everyone in the class is doing a blood type personality quiz.

Whoooa, what a rebel! We're in the middle of finals right now.

That's that-this is this.

I guess.

Have you heard of blood types having certain traits?

You mean how A-types are serious and B-types work while watching TV? That kinda thing?

Yeah! We use that to try to guess each other's blood types.

Hmmm, interesting. Try and guess my blood type then.

This is way more fun than studying for my next final.

Okay, sure!

How are you going to figure it out?

Um, answer the following questions with what comes naturally to you.

Sure.

Do you believe in ghosts?

Ghosts?

A. I guess I do?

B. That's stupid. I don't believe in them.

C. I don't, but I find them interesting.

D. I don't not believe in them.

I guess I do believe in them?

Yeah, I'm pretty sure they exist.

Do you like ghosts?

No way. They're terrifying, for the most part.

Got it!

Wait, that's enough for you to figure it out?

Hiroyuki, your blood type is AB!

A. Bingo.

B. Wrong.

That's stupid. I don't believe in them.

There's no scientific proof of ghosts at all.

They're stupid?

…I mean, don't you find it weird that a dead person would come back as a ghost?

They're still alive even though they're dead.

Got it!

Wait, that's enough for you to figure it out?

Hiroyuki, your blood type is O!

A. Bingo.

B. Wrong.

I don't, but I find them interesting.

They're the reason why ghost stories and the horror genre exist.

You don't believe in them?

Ghosts existing in fiction is plenty for me.

Got it!

Wait, that's enough for you to figure it out?

Hiroyuki, your blood type is A!

A. Bingo.

B. Wrong.

I don't not believe in them.

Scientifically speaking, they haven't been proven to exist or not exist.

So you're not one or the other?

I guess it's fascinating because we don't know for sure.

…Got it!

Wait, that's enough for you to figure it out?

Hiroyuki, your blood type is B!

A. Bingo.

B. Wrong.

Bingo.

Really?

…Looks like you really can figure out someone's blood type based on whether or not they believe in ghosts.

I'm surprised too.

Wait, what?

Nope, wrong.

Really?

Hahaha, you only asked one measly question.

Oh woe is me. Life has its ups and downs…

I don't think that saying is meant for situations like this one.

I'm not feeling great so I really don't need this extra stress.

…Am I seriously okay?

I've got a double-whammy of English tests on Monday and Tuesday next week.

I don't have much confidence to begin with, but now it's dwindling even further…

I can logic my way through chemistry and social studies tests without paying attention in class.

English is tough because you can't get anywhere without knowing the spelling, and grammar adds another layer-you have to learn sentence structure as well.

I guess building up your knowledge through regular classes and reviewing your notes is the sure route to success.

If I don't shape up, I'll just end up with a pile of blank test answers…

I'm screwed.

I should have studied with Akari before it got to this point…

Urgh… Gahhh…

As I am sweating bullets, I hear some weird groaning coming from behind me.

I turn around and see Shiho.

What's your deal? Lost your mind over bad test prep?

Nah, there's no way she can go crazier than she already is.

…That must mean she's her usual self right now.

I bet you were thinking that I couldn't get any crazier than I already am, huh.

H-How'd you know?

You have the thought processes of a cotton bud. Of course I knew.

Says the weirdo groaning like a zombie in broad daylight.

Quiet, you! I was agonizing over our double-whammy of English tests starting the day after tomorrow.

…She is doing the same thing as me?

That's no excuse to groan.

It is too! Urrggghh, graaah, blerrrggh!

Shut up already.

As we are arguing…

Are you pretending to be a pigeon?

Lemmy pipes up from behind me.

Oh, Lemmy.

Shiho, were you mimicking a pigeon?

What the heck, Lemmy? Do pigeons groan like that?

I'm pretty sure pigeons coo…

Yeah, every morning.

Huh, that's news to me too.

Pigeons make 'wow-wow' noises every morning on my balcony.

…You've got some creepy pigeons.

Are you sure that's not some other creature? Like a body snatcher or a skinwalker?

Some other creature pretending to be a pigeon?!

Probably. Don't you think so too, Hiro?

No way. This isn't some horror movie.

Are they planning to take over the world?!

You bonehead. Why would someone plotting world domination transform themselves into a pigeon?

Good point.

Who's the bonehead here? The idiots who are so blase and think that pigeons would never take over the world are the ones who'll die first. You're a textbook example of the first civilians to die.

Yeah. The surviving main character is always skeptical.

You were nodding along with me a second ago! Who's side are you on?!

Ahahaha!

Laughing to dodge the question, eh…

Anyway, are you ready for the tests, Hiroyuki?

Oh yeah, we were stressing over that just now.

Talk about veering way off topic.

We've got the branch of science that deals with the property and behavior of matter the day after tomorrow and social studies after that, right?

The branch of sciences in the who-what now?

She's talking about chemistry. Keep up.

Pfft. Acting all big just because you understood her explanation.

…Lemmy's not great with chemistry and social studies.

Her problems are different from ours.

I'm so jealous that English is a breeze for you, Lemmy.

I say…

A. I know! Teach me English, Lemmy.

B. Yeah, I'm super jealous.

I know! Teach me English, Lemmy.

Oh! Me too, me too!

English?

Yeah! You don't mind if we go over to your place to study, right?

I wanna go too!

Why are you tagging along?

Why not? You're the one who tried to act cool by telling Akari you'd study on your own. Now look at you.

Quit making Akari tell you everything I say to her!

No one made her. She told me all on her own.

Say, Hiroyuki? I wanna go over to your house.

Lemmy looks somewhat hopeful.

My place?

Yeah.

Sounds like a plan! Study session at Hiro's place!

Hey, no one agreed to that… And I'd feel bad since you'd have to come all the way to my place just to teach us.

I don't mind! You're gonna be teaching me too.

Me? You mean chemistry and social studies?

Yep.

I don't know enough to really teach her, though.

Then that settles it! Study session at Hiro's place!

Quit making decisions without my input!

And so, we end up planning a study session.

I guess it is better than not studying at all.

Yeah, I'm super jealous.

I nod in an almost defeated manner.

This is one of those times when I wish I wasn't born a Japanese person.

I want to at least memorize the spellings and understand the text so I can wave goodbye to the dreaded Mr. Failing Grade.

…Bah. You should just become good friends with Mr. Failing Grade.

Says you. You're his best friend.

It is already nighttime.

We end up having a study session after dinner-at Shiho's request.

I don't know why, but she loves the nighttime.

The school at night, the park at night… She particularly likes any place 'at night.'

I try not to think too hard about why, though.

There is no real logic to her behavior, so asking her would be pointless.

Either way, we both have to get intensive lessons from Lemmy to lift our test scores.

She probably knows more than our English teacher.

We have to take full advantage of this opportunity.

*ding-dong*

Ooh, they're here.

Go on Lemmy, hurry up and head in.

I stand up to greet them at the door, but Shiho has already made her way to the entrance of the living room.

Yeah, feel free to just waltz right in…

I know my way around your place, Hiro! Huh, so this is what it's like, eh?

It's your first time in here-how do you even know your way around?

I ignore Shiho and go to the front door.

Evening, Hiroyuki!

Hey, come on in.

Unlike Shiho, Lemmy is waiting patiently at the door.

At least she was raised with proper manners…

Thank you for having me!

Lemmy looks around wide-eyed with curiosity.

She also seems delighted.

See something interesting, Lemmy?

I'm in awe…

Hahaha, that's a bit dramatic.

I feel kind of embarrassed at someone being in awe over looking around my own home.

I'll make myself comfortable!

I return to the living room with Lemmy and see that Shiho has taken the snacks and drinks they bought and laid them out on the table.

Are you here to hang out or study? Geez.

Anything good on TV?

Shiho skips through all the pleasantries and makes herself right at home as she reaches for the TV remote.

Hey! This area is off limits! Go sit at the kitchen table.

Answer the questions by filling in the blanks with the correct words.

Will Mary and Bill come over? No, (      ) (      ).

So Mary and Bill, two people… 'They' and, you asked 'will' they come, so 'will not,' right?

But that won't fit in the two blank spaces. Should we just shove them in anyway?

You dumbass. That means we'll have trouble answering in the actual test if it comes up… Ms. Lemmy?

Yes?

What's the contracted form of 'will not'?

…I dunno.

Whaaa?! Lemmy, that's the point of this question! Wait, am I thinking about it the wrong way?

I hand the worksheet to Lemmy.

Will Mary and Bill come over? No, they won't.

Lemmy answers without a problem.

'Won't'? That's the contraction, isn't it?

Is it?

We go back and forth in a confused mess.

'Won't' is the contracted form of 'will not.'

Shiho explains after flipping through her dictionary.

Ms. Lemmyyyyyy<rep rep_sweat>

What? Did I say something weird?

Well, to answer this question, you need a subject and the negative form of the verb, right? The verb is 'will' so its negative form is 'will not'…

Hiroyuki, you're overcomplicating it.

If you're asked, 'Will Mary and Bill come over?' the normal way to respond is, 'No, they won't,' you know?

Lemmy says, speaking seriously.

…Lemmy, you're just having a conversation.

Yeah.

Oh noooooooooo<rep rep_sweat>

Lemmy's an American, so she doesn't have to get into the particulars of grammar.

If I am asked the same question in Japanese, I won't have to think about subjects or verbs either. It'd be so simple.

Does me being fluent in Japanese make me qualified to be a Japanese teacher? Of course not. So I shouldn't expect that of Lemmy.

Why did you yell like that?

Shiho… I think we're doomed for our grammar and general English tests…

Wh-Whaaat?!

No, it's okay. Don't worry about it and just go for it.

…Will we make it if we go for it?

Shiho and I begin to lose hope after that and resign ourselves to failure.

Yet we still asked Lemmy for the answers so that we can commit them to memory, rather than actually understanding the English itself.

Lemmy's carefree attitude towards tests is the only thing that helps me to remain positive.

I wake up early, so I decide to hang around the station.

It's almost lunchtime.

Maybe I'll treat myself and have lunch out today.

I'll pick a place before they start getting busy.

…Okay, where should I eat?

YacDonald's is more snack-y than it is lunch-y.

First and foremost-where would I go to splash out?

Nowhere else really springs out to me…

Maybe I'll just play it safe and go to the pork katsu rice bowl place from the other day.

…Yeah, I think that's what I'll do.

I head off to the katsu rice bowl place.

But then I hit the brakes hard.

Come to think of it, there's a family diner around here.

Eating out at a pricey family diner would be really splashing out, no?

I arrive at a family diner called "Blue Sky Gardens."

Inside I go, through one door, and then a second.

Hello!

The waitress shows me to my seat.

Now I just gotta wait for my menu.

Sorry to keep you waiting. Here's the menu.

…Huh?

I know that voice.

Hey! What can I get for you?

Lemmy?!

Fancy seeing you here, Hiroyuki! I'm blown away by the coincidence!

Lemmy is positively ecstatic.

Yeah, likewise.

Seeing her so happy makes me happy too.

Do you work here?

Yes!

I thought your family was really well off… Is that not the case?

I think I remember hearing that her father's the CEO of some company.

I don't know if we're well off, but we're not poor.

So don't you get plenty of pocket money? What are you working for? To buy something?

I'm not really looking to buy anything.

Then why?

My dad said that I need to learn how to be a 'responsible adult'.

Learning the basics of how to fend for yourself, huh.

Working a part-time job is a pretty good way to do that.

Good for you, Lemmy.

Ehehe.

I have another look at Lemmy's uniform.

The uniform is so distinctive that it has its own cult following.

And the chest area's supposed to be pretty-

Oh yeah, that's hot.

They're practically bursting out.

The uniform was definitely made for the average Japanese girl, rather than someone more busty.

What are you having, Hiroyuki?

Huh? What am I having?

Yeah… Take a look at the menu.

Oh yeah, right…the menu.

I'm so captivated by Lemmy that I totally forgot why I was there.

I take a quick look through the menu.

…What's the signature dish here?

Looking at the usual menu items like hamburg steak and regular steak seems pretty boring and not super appetizing.

I've been enjoying the pasta lately.

I wasn't asking about my waitress' favorite dish.

We're currently holding a Spring Pasta Festival at our fine diner.

Seriously? Does this diner make their staff tell customers what they like as a sales tactic?

Aaaaabsolutely not.

…

Hiroyuki-I mean… Sir, do you like pasta?

Me? I'll eat anything if it tastes good.

Everything on the menu is delicious.

Let me see…

I flip the menu to the pasta page.

Hmm, Seafood and Broccoli Rabe Pasta.

It's full of shrimp, clams, and other types of seafood.

With some broccoli rabe on top…

Then there's a Broccoli and Bacon Pasta.

It looks exactly as its name suggests.

That might be a safe option since I have an idea of what it'll taste like.

Next is the Squid-ink Pasta.

A whole plate of squid ink.

The pitch-black sheen on it makes it look really appetizing.

…I'm never going to pick anything if I keep reading this menu.

I mean, the photos of the dishes all look amazing.

I can't decide. They all look so tasty.

They ARE all tasty.

Can you pick something for me?

Very well. I like the Creamy Sea Urchin Pasta.

Wait. Ah, whatever. It looks good so I'll have that.

I can't say no to sea urchin.

As you wish! What would you like for your drink?

Lemmy is speaking to me in a strangely polite way.

Can't go underestimating the influence of this diner's customer service training manual.

Alright, bring me a beer!

Very well!

As you wish! What would you like for your drink?

…Huh?

I'm pretty sure I ordered something just now…

We have cola, oolong tea, and orange juice.

Lemmy asks me what I would like as if nothing ever happened.

I'll have a beer!

As you wish! What would you like for your drink?

…

We have cola, oolong tea, and orange juice.

Hmmm…

It didn't sit well with me, but I have to pick something else or we'll be going around in circles.

…Then I'll get an oolong tea.

Very well! When would you like me to bring out your drink?

Before my food.

Very well!

Oh, Lemmy?

Yes?

I'd also like a beer…

As you wish! What would you like for your drink?

Oolong tea. I'd like it before my food, please.

Very well!

Oh, Lemmy?

Yes?

…Never mind.

I got to see a new side of Lemmy.

She's apparently working there throughout spring break, so I might drop by to see her whenever I can.

I go to the arcade.

Oh well.

I guess I'll kill some time here.

I'm about to walk in when…

Hello there!

Someone suddenly calls out to me.

Hi, Hiroyuki!

It's Lemmy.

Hey, I don't think I've seen you here before.

That's because you have not.

Here to play some video games?

Yep, I don't have anything to do today, so I was bored outta my gourd. You too?

Yeah, fatally bored.

Then let's hang out together!

Sure, as fellow bored individuals.

Righteous!

What do you want to do?

Do you know this area well?

Well, I do live around here.

Then show me around.

Sure thing.

I spend the day chatting with Lemmy and visiting a few places.

Just walking around doesn't cost me anything, thankfully.

While I am changing my shoes at the shoe lockers…

Hi, Hiroyuki!

Someone calls out my name with a distinct inflection.

A half-Japanese-half-American accent.

I know who it is.

Hiya.

I lift my hand to wave but then…

Huh? What's with that outfit?

I notice Lemmy in clothes that I've never seen her in before.

She notices my staring as well.

Okay, so like… I'm a member of the Urchery Club!

She beams.

Urchery? Ohh, the Archery Club.

Where you aim at a target and shoot arrows with a bow.

I'm learning about Japanese culture.

Lemmy explains why she started.

A very typical "foreigner in Japan" reason.

When did you join the Archery Club?

When I started attending this school.

Wow, so it's been about a year?

Yes.

What are your skills like?

I casually ask.

I feel like she would really look the part standing there pulling back her bow.

If I was to Westernize her look, I'd say she resembles a female Robin Hood.

As I think to myself…

Really bad. I have no idea where my arrow will end up.

Her answer is way off my target.

Maybe traditional Japanese martial arts isn't the best fit for our California-girl Lemmy.

Your vibe doesn't really scream 'archery.' Maybe there's something else that's more your thing, like cheerleading or something…

When in Rome, do as the Romans do! While I'm in Japan, I'm gonna study Japanese culture.

So it doesn't matter if you're made for something or not. Then I guess it's okay if you're doing it for fun.

Yeah, I love Japanese culture.

Much respect.

I nod.

Seeing her love for learning (is that right?) motivates me to be more diligent in my studies too.

…Lemmy then sighs.

I don't like the stationary targets.

You're not at a shooting range so they're not supposed to move.

You don't get it, Hiroyuki. Moving targets are living targets.

Huh?

I recoil a little.

Don't you think that moment when you've cornered your living prey is so thrilling and exciting?

Lemmy's eyes glaze over.

What happens after you've cornered your prey?

I ask to see where she is going.

It gets CAUGHT by the hunter!

…I don't know what kind of prey you're talking about, but I feel bad for it.

Why?

Lemmy seems confused.

Why? Just because you find hunting animals thrilling doesn't mean it's okay to kill them.

But they're our prey-it's only natural for them to be hunted.

Whoa, easy there, Tiger. Prey? Hunt? You're saying some pretty grim things.

Am I?

Yeah… Have you heard of the arrow duck?

The arrow duck? What's that?

Lemmy doesn't seem to know about it.

Maybe she wasn't in Japan when it happened.

I can't really remember when it was either, but I decide to tell her about it anyway.

…It happened a while ago, but some idiot shot a duck in a lake with an arrow.

Like a hunter?

She asks excitedly.

No, it wasn't like that! The arrow hit the duck, but it wasn't a fatal shot. The duck continued living with the arrow stuck in it.

As I spoke, the anger I felt when I first learned of the incident came back to me.

I don't know who did it, but they are an absolute jerk.

Lemmy continues to listen to me in silence.

Lots of people banded together to catch the arrow duck and remove the arrow from it… The culprit who shot the arrow may have done it on a whim, but they have no idea how much trouble they caused for the duck and so many people…

Why didn't they shoot it again?

Whoa, whoa, whoa…

You're so cold-blooded… The duck was in pain, so you figured they should've shot a killing blow?

In the States, hunting is a proper hobby. You won't succeed if you empathize with your prey.

It's a hobby?

My family would go to a lake in Oregon on the weekends to camp and shoot water birds.

Shooting water birds in Oregon, huh?

None of what she was saying really clicked because I don't have a clue about U.S. geography.

I've heard of Oregon, but where is it, actually?

Lemmy grins.

There are three states on the west coast. Starting from the north, we have Washington, Oregon, and California. Got it?

…Oh, so the state of Oregon.

A vague map of the United States forms in my head and the three states get slapped onto it on the west coast from north to south.

…I think I kinda get it. So your family went camping and hunting? That sounds pretty American.

So my dad would always ready his rifle in the bushes like this…

Lemmy pretends to ready a rifle.

Then aim and…BANG!

She shoots her pretend rifle.

Her performance with the extra details make it seem oddly real.

Bull's eye! Bahahaha!

She keeps up the act all the way to the hit.

Lemmy, did you shoot with a real gun?

I only used an air gun.

Oh, whew… Still, the air gun she used was a proper hunting gun that could kill people.

It definitely shouldn't be mistaken for a child's toy.

I'm kinda jealous.

Her performance seems realistic because she is drawing from past experiences.

I'd like to shoot a gun at least once in my life too.

…Anyway, I get that. But the arrow duck wasn't someone's prey. They shot it as a prank.

Really?

That's what I've been trying to tell you.

…I feel bad for the arrow duck.

You finally sound humane… By the way, arrow duck isn't like a species of duck, just a nickname for the duck that got shot.

Hmm… I see…

…

Hey, Masashi.

Hm? What's up, Hiroyuki?

Wanna eat on the rooftop?

Yeah, sounds good.

Masashi and I decide to eat on the rooftop.

The almost blinding sun greets us as we climb to the top.

Nice weather, huh?

Yeah, we should eat out in the sunshine sometimes. It might make our sandwiches from the student store taste a little better.

Mm-hmm.

Masashi nods with a grin.

*rustle, rustle*

Time to dig in!

I rip the sandwich wrapper and just as I am about to take a bite…

Oh, there you are! Hiroyuki!

I hear someone call my name.

I turn to the direction of the voice and see Lemmy running over.

Hi!

She waves at me.

Hi!

Hey.

We respond to her bright American greeting.

Did you come all this way to find me for something?

I came to eat lunch with you guys today.

Lunch? I thought you always ate in the cafeteria?

Well, I'm in the mood to eat outside today!

Lemmy sits down next to me.

I…don't know if she did so to join in with us, but she even has a sandwich herself.

You're welcome to have lunch with us, but we're just eating plain old sandwiches from the student store.

…And we went up to the rooftop to make our plain old sandwiches taste a little better.

Really? But Japanese sandwiches are delicious.

Wait, even the sandwiches in the U.S. taste bad? Maybe American food's not really my thing…

You'll be fine. No problem. There are plenty of Japanese restaurants.

I must be a real Japanese guy through and through if I can't survive without Japanese restaurants.

But it means you can still live in the U.S.

Lemmy sounds pretty stoked.

She continues.

I'm sure you'll love my cooking.

Lemmy says.

Huh? Did we make plans for you to cook for me?

I'm talking about in the future.

The future? Like I know what the future holds for me.

Lemmy sometimes says things that make me think that she is into me, but maybe that's just what I want to hear.

Quel dommage…

Lemmy mutters in disappointment, but I have no idea what she is saying.

Anyway, let's eat. We don't wanna waste our precious lunch break.

Grace!

We all bite into our sandwiches.

*munch, munch*

It tastes…the same as usual, unfortunately.

Is it good, Lemmy?

Uh-huh! Really good!

I'm kinda jealous of you.

Doesn't yours taste good, Hiroyuki?

It's not good or bad. I'm just sick of always eating it.

Huh…

As we talk, I notice Masashi doing something strange.

He holds the lettuce from his sandwich between his finger and thumb and is staring at it.

A slight grin then spreads across his face. It is creepy, to say the least.

Uh, Masashi? Something up with the lettuce?

Masashi looks a bit surprised.

Oh…it's nothing. I was just thinking that my hamsters would love this.

He chuckles awkwardly.

Oh, that's right…

You have pet hamsters, Masashi?

Lemmy asks eagerly.

Y-Yeah, I do.

Masashi is a little taken aback by the unexpected person's unexpected reaction.

Me too… You've got good taste in pets.

You've got a pet hamster too, Lemmy?

Yes! What breed of hamster do you have?

I've got two Djungarian hamsters.

Djungarians are a breed of hamster that are cute and small.

Masashi had shown me his hamsters at his place a few times before.

Tsk, tsk, tsk. You've got a lot to learn. Giant golden hamsters are the best!

Giant hamsters?

Are they huge?!

Maybe… Anyway, I like the hamsters I have, so I'm fine with them.

You should get giant ones next time.

Yeah, I don't really wanna think about 'next time,' but I'll keep that in mind.

I clear my throat.

I wasn't expecting you to have hamsters, Lemmy.

I kind of force myself into the conversation.

Why don't you get one too, Hiroyuki?

Me? Yeah, maybe… I'll think about it.

Despite what I said, I am not actually enthusiastic about the idea.

Since hamsters can't be allowed to roam free, I would need to buy a cage and lots of other things… It would cost a lot of money.

But Lemmy has a pet hamster, huh…

I kind of like the thought of it.

Hey, Lemmy? What's the name of your hamster?

Hm? Do you really wanna know?

Yeah, I do.

Okay. I'll tell you.

I'm listening.

The name of my precious little pet…is Johnny.

J-Johnny?

Masashi and I look at each other.

…A hamster named "Johnny"?

Psssh, a hamster named Johnny!

I can't help but laugh.

A dog, sure, but a hamster named Johnny? That name is way too cool for a hamster…

Ahaha! Is it really that funny?

Lemmy gets caught up in the laughter too.

No, it's not funny, it's just so… Bahaha! It's so American. I love it.

I see a new side of Lemmy during my lunch break and I have so much fun.

Looking back on it, my sandwich from the student store tasted pretty good too. How strange.

Hey, that's Lemmy walking ahead of me.

Heeey, Lem-

Heeey, Hiro.

Someone suddenly calls to me from behind just as I am about to get Lemmy's attention.

I turn around.

Hey.

It is Shiho.

Where'd you pop out from?

What do you mean 'where'? I go to this school too, so I'm SUPPOSED to be here.

You can pop out all you want, but I gotta go speak to Lemmy…

Lemmy? Where? Where is she?

Shiho looks all around in an exaggerated manner.

She disappeared while you were holding me up!

Like I can do anything about that. Look, she's not here. It was probably a mirage. Let's leave it at that.

Do we go to school in a desert now? What's Lemmy? An oasis? Pssh.

Uh-huh! And you're one of the fools who leap into the mirage desperate for water.

Shiho holds her stomach and laughs uncontrollably.

Quit rambling on about nothing and leave already. I'm going home too.

I ditch Shiho and start walking.

Oh, hey! Wait up! There's still something I need to tell you.

What now?

Sooooo, I want you to tag along with me for something.

What a pain in the butt.

C'mon, don't be like that!

What do you want me to tag along with you for?

Well… I've been asked to help the school's Newspaper Club.

I'm surprised you weren't involved with them this whole time. Are you a reporter or something?

Something like that.

Your intel's gonna be printed now…?!

Would it kill you to act a bit more enthusiastic?

You know…everyone's pretty serious about the school newspaper.

I'm serious about it too.

Seriously messing around, right?

Quiet, you! It doesn't hurt to have a fun article or two!

You're shameless…

I've been put in charge of a column.

A column? Not the gossip section?

And there's a name for the column.

Voices from Above-The People's Voice'?

It's my column, so it's called 'Nagaoka's Manor.'

…You couldn't name a column even if your life depended on it.

Where'd the 'manor' bit come from?

Shut up! It's simple and easy to remember.

It's terrible.

I've already decided on it. Anyway, I need a photo of a real manor for the banner.

Like I care.

Look, bozo-I want you to take the perfect photo of me standing in front of a manor.

Oh? Who you calling a bozo?

You, bozo.

She points her finger right in my face.

Watch where you're pointing that thing.

I don't have to watch anything. So you'll do it, right?

Hmph, I guess. But I won't do it for nothing.

You're so conniving. Okay, bozo. I won't ask you to do it for free. How's about I treat you to some YacDonald's?

…Okay, fine. Take me to this so-called manor.

Nice! Right this way!

The manor is west of the station on the outskirts of town.

Look! Here we are!

Here? This is…

Shiho takes me to a place that is very familiar to me.

We go down a road that feels vaguely familiar, but no matter how hard I try, I can't remember where I've seen it before.

However, the haze covering my memories starts to lift the instant I see the building.

Yeah, I know this place…

It's a piece of cake to find the perfect location to suit a variety of situations when you go through the Shiho Network. And of course, I want to mark this occasion with a photoshoot at this manor…

Shiho is rambling on about something, but I'm not in the frame of mind to listen to her.

I am so close to grasping my memories.

I've been here before.

Hey, Hiro! Why are you frozen on the spot?!

Just gimme a sec… I've been here before.

Huh? Did you have a Fujita's Manor column or something?

We're not all wannabe reporters, stupid. I was friends with the kid who used to live here.

Yeah? Who were they? A student at our school?

No idea. They moved away… Yeah, I remember now.

What's with the fairytale princess act? How long ago was it?

It was…before I started grade school. I must've been about five?

Hmm… Sixteen minus five, so 11 years ago?

Those were the good old days. I wonder what they're doing now…

It wasn't a girl, was it?

Great job, Sherlock.

Seriously? I was just taking a stab in the dark as a joke.

Shiho seems unimpressed.

…What's with the cold stare? I'm just reminiscing about my childhood.

Childhood memories or not-I can't let my guard down with you.

What do you mean by that?

If you want to prove your innocence then tell me the truth.

Shiho's ridiculous logic pushes her to try to squeeze more information out of me about my childhood.

…Why does she want to know so badly?

You're such a nosy pain in the butt. We didn't get up to anything shady.

Then tell me.

Heh, so you're curious about me, eh? So much for your tough act.

I decide to change my tactics.

Excuse me?! L-Like I care about you!

Looks like I am right on the money.

Then quit digging.

…Fine.

She gives up without a fight.

I win.

Go on and pose already so I can take your photo.

…

Shiho stands beside the gatepost with a look of disinterest on her face.

Okay, I guess you don't mind me snapping a shot with that dull face you're pulling.

…Sorry, I actually am curious. Tell me.

Geez, you never admit your feelings. You should've just said so from the start.

Yeah, yeah, okay. I admit it now, so spill.

Alright, fine.

I begrudgingly begin to tell her my story.

…Back when I was a kid, I went out into town to explore.

What do you expect of a five-year-old getting all worked up and going off on a big adventure? They forget how to get home.

And so, I got lost.

I didn't know what to do, but then a kind man approached me in front of this house.

He said he would look up my address using my parent's name.

It would take him a while to look up the address, so he led me into his yard to play. That little girl I was talking about before was there.

'Hi.'

'…Hi.'

The girl was really bubbly and easy to get along with.

'I'm a Space Cop!'

'No fair<rep rep_sweat>'

We were both nervous at first, but we became the best of friends in no time.

The man called my mom and I got home safely, but I memorized the way to the girl's house so I could keep visiting her.

I invited Akari and Masashi. They never came because they weren't allowed to stray too far from home.

So I always went over to play on my own.

I went every day, except when it rained.

There was a huge tree, and we always raced to see who could climb to the top first.

We never made it all the way, though.

I remember us getting scolded by her mom during one of our attempts to reach the top.

Looking back, we were so intent on doing something so trivial.

Then, one day, the girl wasn't her usual bubbly self.

I asked her why but she wouldn't say.

And then my mom told me that I wasn't allowed to go over to that girl's house to play anymore.

Two days after that, I disobeyed my mom and snuck over to her house.

But the gates to the house were shut.

Nobody was home.

The house was silent the next day too.

Same for the day after that and the one after that…

I only found out a while after that the girl and her family had moved away.

That didn't stop me from visiting her place every now and then.

Every time I saw her empty home, I would wonder what she was doing…

…And that's the story.

A close friend of yours moved away without telling you? Pfft, nothing special about that.

Well, yeah, it wasn't something scandalous like you were probably imagining.

What a waste. I got all vulnerable because I was expecting some juicy gossip.

Yeah, I bet that was hard for you.

What a let down…

Hahaha! And now that you're all disappointed, let's take your photo.

Hold up.

What?

Can I use that story you just told me?

Use it? You're not gonna turn it into an article, are you?

I won't use your real name. I promise.

Still, it would be sorta embarrassing.

Relax! It'll be fine! No one will know it's about you.

Why do you have to use my fond memories for an article?

Um, well… It was great that they gave me a column, but I don't have any material to write about.

What the heck?! What kind of reporter is lacking in material?!

Yeah, I know… That's why I want to use your story, just this one time. Please?

I think about it for a moment.

…Okay, fine.

I nod.

Really?!

Listen, don't you get all worked up about this. My real answer is 'no,' so you owe me one if you use my story.

Awww, what?! That's not fair!

It's totally fair. Accept the condition or no dice.

Your logic is messed up…

Say what you want. If you don't agree then that's your problem.

Gah! Okay, okay! I get one IOU from you!

You mean I get an IOU from YOU.

Yeah, that. Deal?

Whatever.

I end up taking a quick photo of her there, and then we call it a day.

I'm still curious about what that little girl is up to now.

Her family must have been well off to live in a big house like that…

…Why'd you ask me to come here?

Lemmy asked me to meet her on the roof during lunch.

I asked her why, but all she would do was give me a sad look.

If you don't need something from me then I'm leaving.

Then, Lemmy started speaking.

I…have to go back to where I was born.

What?

I'm leaving tonight…

Leaving as in…for the United States?

Over there…

She says, pointing to the sky.

I look in the direction she is pointing in and find myself looking at the moon floating in the clear, almost white sky.

Pfffssshh!

I scoff.

Are you kidding me now? Who are you? Princess Kaguya?

I know she's not from here, but come on.

And then, my exasperation returns.

It's been three years since you found me… A joyful three years for me…

She looks up at the moon as if to pray and convince herself.

Uh… So when exactly did I 'find' you? I'm not out cutting bamboo.

I always feared that this day would come… I wished that time would stop.

We're having two different conversations…

Hey, are you listening to me?

Hiroyuki… If only it didn't have to be like this…

Lemmy completely ignores my interjections and continues to ramble.

Listen to me!

…Are you not going to stop me?

Yeah, yeah, okay. Don't go, Lemmy.

I am fed up and so I just go along with her.

…But I must. It's already set in stone.

What do you mean? This is really sudden.

…

She doesn't respond.

Lemmy is pushing her feelings down into her chest.

That's what I sense from her.

…It doesn't look like she is joking.

Are you…being serious?

I don't want to leave you…

That's ridiculous…

A blinding light suddenly engulfs everything around us.

Wh-What's happening?!

Sayonara, Hiroyuki…

What's going on? Lemmy?!

I won't forget my memories with you…

…And that was the dream I had just now.

Lemmy joins Masashi and me as we eat lunch on the rooftop.

The dream I had in fourth period was so wacky that I had to tell them.

Huh.

Masashi's reaction is lackluster, as usual.

It would be nice if he says, "what a weird dream," or something.

I was an alien in your dream?!

Lemmy asks, clearly the only one stoked.

No clue.

I mean, it is like she is asking me if Princess Kaguya is an alien or not.

I don't know the answer.

In the canon of the dream, maybe you were an alien.

Masashi says.

So I took a UFO and left?!

Masashi's comment makes Lemmy even more excited.

It was too bright for me to see.

A bright UFO?!

…No.

What's more important is why I had that weird dream.

Sounds like some kind of premonition.

Masashi chuckles.

…Yeah.

A premonition? Like I am predicting the future?

Okay, let's test it out on Lemmy.

Hey, Lemmy? When are you going back to the States?

I don't have any plans to go back, at least not right now.

Really?

I ask and Lemmy nods.

…Sooo it isn't a premonition?

What was that dream then…?

Meh, there's probably no point in reading too much into some dream.

Hey, did I go back to the moon?

Lemmy asks excitedly.

Who cares. It was just a dream.

But…

That's enough dream talk.

Party pooper…

How are you?

Lemmy suddenly approaches me during break time.

The other students, who don't see Lemmy often, stare.

Hey, Lemmy. What's up?

Um, I want you to take me to the arcade this Sunday.

You get right to the point, huh! Are you asking me out on a date?

Yes!

My answer is…

A. Sure.

B. Nah.

Sure, I've got nothing to do anyway.

Really?

Uh-huh. Why the arcade, though?

Do you really wanna know?

Yeah.

It's a mystery.

I almost fall off my seat.

Lemmyyy!

Ahaha! Mysteries summon forth more mysteries!

Looks like you've picked up some more weird phrases.

Sorry, doncha worry! Come and pick me up from school at midday on Sunday.

From school? Why?

I've got urchery on in the morning.

Hmm… Well, okay then.

I have no idea why Lemmy wants to go to the arcade, but I decide not to dwell on it.

I'm meeting Lemmy at school at midday on April 20 for our date.

Sorry, I've already got plans that day.

Really?

Yeah. Sorry.

Oh woe is me…

Lemmy says goodbye and leaves.

I arrive at school just before lunchtime.

I'm a little early, but the Archery Club should still be at practice.

Being at school on a Sunday feels weird to me.

…Are they still practicing?

Hiroyuki!

…Hey.

Lemmy grins.

Did you wait long?

Not really…

Whew. Okay, let's go!

Lemmy says, linking arms with me.

Whoa, hey! We're still at school.

I don't actually mind, though.

It's fiiiine!

Whew, we're finally here.

My classmates and the seniors all give me frigid stares until we make it out of the school.

I totally understand why-Lemmy's popular amongst the guys.

I wish they wouldn't scowl at me like that, though.

What's wrong? Let's go in already.

Uh, yeah.

Lemmy ushers me into the arcade.

It is the largest one in the area. The single-level arcade is filled with a ton of games.

Near the entrance are the prize and nekopuri machines.

And the nekopuri machines are all taken up by a bunch of high school girls.

…I'll take some nekopuri sticker photos with Lemmy when they're free.

At the back wall of the arcade are cabinets for the big prizes while the rest of the floor is filled with multiplayer and quiz games.

Lemmy looks around the arcade with sparkling eyes.

Play something, Hiroyuki!

She pesters me like a child.

What's the point in me playing alone? You should play.

Yeah, you're right. Where should we start?

Hmm…

Games have been getting more and more complex.

And you have to know how to pull off moves in fighting games to even get anywhere.

I guess there's one type of game we can play without thinking too much…

Why don't we play a shooting game?

All we have to do is shoot and kill the enemies.

Nothing simpler than that.

A shooting game? How do we play?

I look around for a shooting game.

I think there's one called "The Princess is a Witch."

It's a game I've played a lot before, so I should be able to give her some advice.

…Found it.

I take Lemmy to the machine and sit her in front of it.

This button is to shoot. The one next to it is to drop a bomb. Bombs are one-shot kills, but you've only got a limited number of them, so use them when you're in trouble.

What? I don't understand.

What don't you understand?

How do I win?

W-Win? Wait, have you never been to an arcade before?

She shakes her vigorously.

Nope.

So you're a newbie gamer?

Honestly, finding someone who doesn't know how to play a video game in this day and age is like finding a natural treasure.

Man, I guess I'll teach you the basics then.

Please do!

Okay, so starting with this joystick here…

I explain how to use the joystick, buttons, and even how to put the coin in to start the game.

But I'm not really sure just how much of my explanation Lemmy actually understood, what with her having zero experience and all.

Okay, all that's left is for her to play the game.

Now let's have you play exactly how I explained it to you.

Yes, sir!

The silly goofball suddenly salutes me.

I catch myself looking around.

Wh-What a ticking time bomb of embarrassment…

What am I? Her drill sergeant?

Lemmy sits in the player-one seat, grabs the joystick, and places her hand on the buttons.

I sit in the player-two seat and distance myself a little from her so that I won't get in her way.

…

…

She stares at the demo screen in silence.

Hey Lemmy! Insert. Coin. And. Push. Start!

…I can't let go.

I almost fall off my seat.

Look, you can assume the gaming position once the game has started.

Really?

Of course! Who gets ready to play when they haven't even put any money in?!

Yes, sir!

Lemmy looks a little nervous as she pulls out a 100-yen coin and inserts it into the coin slot.

And then she quickly assumes her "gaming" position.

She doesn't move a muscle.

Lemmy. Push. The. Start. Button.

I snicker as I reach over from the side to push the button for her.

A witch, the game's protagonist, flies out on a broomstick.

…

The game has started, but Lemmy isn't moving.

…Attack, Lemmy.

How?

With the buttons under your right hand.

I point to the buttons and Lemmy slaps one.

*BLAM*

With a giant old guy's bellow, all the enemies are wiped out.

That's the bomber button!

What, huh?!

Lemmy panics, confused about what is happening.

This is the regular attack button.

Oh, whoops.

Lemmy nods.

It is strange that even throughout this back-and-forth, the player character still remains unscathed.

Lemmy pays no mind to this and continues to smash the buttons.

Hey, you haven't moved since the game started. You're neglecting the joystick.

I totally forgot!

After I point that out, Lemmy begins to move her witch left and right in a clunky manner.

It looks like a drunk stumbling around.

But now that she has finally started moving her character around, her right hand stops moving.

Lemmy, the buttons.

I totally forgot!

At last, she is moving around disjointedly and shooting magic at random.

*smack, smack, smack*

Her random magic attacks hit one of the fodder enemies.

It blows up on the spot.

I killed it!

Lemmy says happily to me.

Good job.

*smack, smack, smack*

More bad guys appear on the screen.

Two or three of them get caught in the explosion.

I killed them!

Okay, I get it. You don't have to tell me every single time.

*smack, smack, smack*

She finally gets used to using the joystick and buttons at the same time by midway through the first level.

…A power-up item appears.

It floats diagonally across the screen.

Lemmy skillfully dodges it.

You're supposed to get that item, not dodge it.

Get what now?

The 'P' thing.

I can get it?

She asks in all seriousness.

Yeah, you'll power-up if you grab it.

Lemmy looks back and forth between her hands and the screen.

…

What's wrong? Get the power-up.

…I can't.

Why not?

What button do I press to get it?

Come on now… Look, you do this.

I grab Lemmy's hand and move the joystick.

The witch moves over to collect the item.

I see. So that's how you do it.

That's what it means to 'get' an item.

Having collected the item, the witch says, "Power up!" and her attack changes.

Power up!

Lemmy repeats.

Hiroyuki! Did you see that? It changed!

Yes, yes, I know. I'm happy for you.

Lemmy continues to report every little happening to me until she finishes playing.

By the time we leave the arcade I am exhausted and the last thing I want to hear is another gaming update.

That was fun, Hiroyuki.

Yeah, it was okay.

It must be nice to be Lemmy.

She gets to have so much fun playing a shooting game like that.

I almost envy her.

As I think to myself…

Thanks, Hiroyuki<rep rep_heart>

She flashes her usual sunshine-filled smile and kisses me on the cheek.

Oh, uh, sure.

I guess it isn't so bad since Lemmy enjoyed herself.

Hiroyuki.

Masashi comes over to me during third period break.

Hey, what's up?

They posted the school newspaper on the student noticeboard.

Huh… And?

That column Shiho mentioned is on there.

Oh yeah, she did ramble on about that.

The article is about you.

That totally slipped my mind…

Shiho said that she wouldn't use my name, but I have to check for myself.

I rush over to the noticeboard.

The newspaper in question is easy to spot.

Luckily for me, there is no one else reading it.

This bit here.

Masashi points at the photo I took of Shiho.

Let's see…

My name is Shiho Nagaoka of Class 2-A and I have been placed in charge of this column.

I have been entrusted with a corner of this page-a piece of land, if you will, so I feel that it is my duty to treat it with utmost respect.

One needs a home to live on a plot of land.

So I shall build a house here.

I want to make it a marvelous home.

As such, I have named this column 'Nagaoka's Manor.'

…Her twisted logic knows no bounds.

Now, time to address the building in this photo.

I trawled through my resources to find it for the purpose of this column, but it also happened to be a place of fond memories for an acquaintance of mine.

For the first printing of this column, I would like to tell a melancholic story that involves this house.

…Ugh, she really did write about my story.

I mutter after reading the article.

It's okay, Hiroyuki. There's no way to link the story back to you based on what's written here.

Yeah, you're right about that.

I know the truth won't be revealed, but it doesn't feel great having my memories put on paper.

But wow, what a blast from the past.

Yeah.

I wanted to play with that girl too.

But you actually listened to your parents and didn't stray too far.

Yeah, true.

The bell chimes as Masashi nods.

We should head back.

Mm-hmm.

Hi, Hiroyuki!

I am on the way back from buying a cafe au lait from the vending machine during a break when I bump into Lemmy.

Hey, Lemmy. Did you want me for something?

Do you like bowling, Hiroyuki?

She asks out of the blue.

Geez, where'd that come from?

Bowling's really popular right now.

Really? I had no clue.

Soooo! Do you like it?

I don't really care either way.

Lemmy looks distressed.

Well…uh, can you bowl?

Yeah, good enough to enjoy myself.

Really?! Can you teach me then?!

What? Are you seriously telling me that you don't know what bowling is?

I do! I've just never done it before.

Huh. Not even back in the States?

Nope.

I respond with…

A. Sure.

B. Nah.

Sure.

Yay! I love you, Hiroyuki!

And before I know it, Lemmy has leaped into my arms.

Whoa! Easy there tiger! Let go of me!

Contrary to what I say, I don't mind it at all.

In fact, I quite like it.

…This isn't the best look.

Rumors will run wild if someone sees us like this!

Luckily (or unluckily?) for me, Lemmy does not push me down onto the ground and steps back instead.

Are you free next Sunday?

Next week? You're not gonna suggest that we go to a bowling alley so I can teach you, are you?

Yes, I am!

Meh, I guess I could do that.

Yay!

Lemmy jumps up with joy.

At least, I think she is happy.

Sunday, right? Where and what time should we meet?

Not sure. You decide.

…Okay, how about 10 am at the central station?

Sounds good! 10 o'clock at the station, right?

Right.

I nod and Lemmy smiles.

I'll see you on Sunday then!

Lemmy turns around and scurries off.

I casually wave at her.

…So I've got a date with Lemmy on Sunday, huh.

I can't wait.

Nah, no way. I'm not good enough to teach others.

Especially since she's never bowled before. I don't want to teach her the wrong form.

Really?

Just copy people bowling in other lanes. You'll be fine even if you don't know how to bowl.

I'm sure there are plenty of people better than me out there.

I'm not confident in my skills…

You'll gradually become more confident.

You really won't teach me?

Sorry, but I can't help you out.

…Okay. Sorry for imposing on you.

I wish I could help.

It's okay. Bye then…

Lemmy trudges off.

What was that about?

Does she actually want me to teach her?

Hi, Hiroyuki!

Someone suddenly calls to me while I am walking.

Hey, Lemmy.

Good thing I found you.

Oh, you were looking for me?

Yup.

What's up?

Um, I want you to come over to my place today.

Your place? Are you inviting me over for dinner?

Sorry, not for dinner. I want you to come see it.

See what? Your house?

Yeah.

Got something neat to show me or something?

Um…it's a secret.

Lemmy breaks out into laughter.

Lemmyyyyy…

Sorry… I want you to come because today's a very important day.

Sure, I've got nothing to do anyway. I ain't some savage who'd refuse the request of a belle!

Really? Thanks!

I follow Lemmy to go and 'see' her place.

Hey…is this…your house?

I know the way here seems familiar, but we are definitely at the site of Nagaoka's Manor.

Yeah… Just follow me in.

I do as she says and enter the grounds through the gate.

She doesn't lead me to the front door, and we go around to the yard instead.

I follow her.

…If this really is Lemmy's place, then is she the girl I used to play with a long time ago?

She was my age, I think…

Did she have blonde hair, though?

Nah, it couldn't be her. Lemmy only came here a few years ago.

There's no way she lived here and played with me 11 years ago.

Hiroyuki.

As I am thinking to myself, Lemmy says my name.

Y-Yeah?

I'm back.

Huh?

I'm back now. Sorry for moving back to the States without telling you 11 years ago…

Lemmy looks down.

Moving back to the states 11 years ago…?

That…was you, Lemmy?!

Yeah.

Lemmy nods.

I-I had no idea…

Geez, what a blast from the past. I've known you for a while now, so I'm not sure how to feel.

I don't know if what I am feeling in this moment can be described as nostalgia or not..

Yeah, I was surprised too.

How did you know it was me?

I read Shiho's article and then asked her for more details… That's how I found out.

That article, eh.

Look, Hiroyuki. Remember that sand pit?

Lemmy points at the sand pit in the corner of the yard.

It looks like it has been unused for years-maybe even 11… I wouldn't have known it was a sand pit if it wasn't for the frame around it. The sand had mixed with the dirt in the ground over the years.

…Yeah. The space police destroyed the secret base I made there.

Ahaha! I was the space police!

The worst cop I ever knew.

And over there! There's still some carp in that pond.

I look and see a Japanese-style pond that stands out from the rest of the yard.

Carp?

I look closely and see some red and white carp swimming around.

Wow! You don't think they're still the same ones from 11 years ago, do you?

I bought them recently.

Geez, you made it sound like they were a school of old carp.

Hey, carp! Lunchtime!

Lemmy claps her hands and the fish swarm at her feet.

She pretends to scatter something into the pond.

The fish gather around for what they think is food and open up their mouths.

Ahaha, don't be fooled so easily!

Lemmy revels in her childish act.

…You really are still a kid, Lemmy.

I'm sure she was like this all those years ago too.

Then, Lemmy's gaze softens.

Hey, Hiroyuki?

Hm? What is it?

Do you remember that tree?

She points at a particularly big tree.

It is the biggest compared to all the trees growing around it, at least.

…What is that tree again?

It doesn't matter if I don't actually remember it.

Yeah, I totally remember it.

I nod.

Lemmy runs over to the tree in a half-skip.

You and I used to climb this tree a bunch.

We sure did.

I smile as I walk over to Lemmy.

Looking at Lemmy, who has not changed at all over the years, brought me so much joy.

Lookie over here! This tree's gotten smaller.

Lemmy seems proud of herself as I approach her.

We've just gotten bigger, you bonehead.

A tree that towered above us as children doesn't seem so impressive now that we are older.

Let's climb it!

She steps onto the tree's trunk.

Whoa, ease up.

Lemmy scales the tree like it is nothing.

At about the three-yard mark, the trunk narrows and she is unable to climb any farther.

I did it, Hiroyuki! I climbed the tree!

Hahaha! Good for you! You couldn't climb it back in the day, right?

YAAAY!

But when she is waving…

*shloop*

Eek!

Her weight-bearing foot slips.

Look out!

I bolt over to her.

*fwomph*

…Are you okay, Lemmy?

Y-Yeah… Thanks.

Lemmy nods in my arms.

I manage to catch Lemmy in the nick of time. Luck is on her side.

Geez, you're more clumsy than you were when you were a kid.

Ehehe… Sorry.

You would've broken a bone or two if you hit the ground… Argh.

I go to put her down when…

Hiroyuki.

What?

…Hold me for a little longer.

Lemmy says, clinging to me.

Wh-What's wrong? Are you hurt?

No…

Then why?

To be completely honest, I am having a hard time carrying her.

There's something I've been meaning to tell you…

What is it?

I wanted to tell you that I'm back…

Didn't you say that earlier?

No, I want to say it for real.

O-Oh, sure. Go ahead.

I'm back, Hiroyuki. I'm home now.

In this moment, she has become that little girl from 11 years ago.

And I am the lost little boy.

We have known each other for a while, but in this moment, we are finally reunited.

Welcome home, Lemmy.

I surprise even myself at how gentle my voice sounds.

I guess I really mean it.

…

…

…There is an awkward silence.

Hiroyuki.

Hm?

Say something.

It seems as though Lemmy can't bear it either.

What do you want me to say?

Talk about old times.

O-Okay…

…I chat with Lemmy in my arms. They are ready to fall off by the end of it.

Alright, I've got a date with Lemmy today.

I'm meeting her at the station at 10 o'clock, so I should hurry up and get ready.

Unlike my usual rushed mornings, I take the time to make myself look presentable.

I leave home with plenty of time to spare.

It is 9:45 when I get to the station.

Is Lemmy here yet?

Hi, Hiroyuki!

Someone suddenly calls out to me from behind.

H-Hey.

It is Lemmy, obviously.

How you doin'?

You're pretty early.

I am captivated by Lemmy.

She looks amazing in her striped dress that match her bubbly personality to a tee.

Not to mention her attention-getting blonde hair.

Lemmy looks like she just walked off the page of a fashion magazine.

It'd be strange not to be captivated by her appearance.

What's wrong, Hiroyuki?

Lemmy says, linking arms with me.

She is always so forward, and it makes me self-conscious.

N-Nothing. I'm just not used to seeing you in your regular clothes…

Lemmy exclaims with joy and hops away from me.

Does my outfit look good on me?

She asks, slightly fishing for a compliment.

It looks great! Perfect, even.

I give her a thumbs up.

Thank you very much!

Lemmy winks at me.

Normally, I'd be too embarrassed to have a back-and-forth like this, but it feels so natural with Lemmy.

It is as if I have been thrown into an American TV show.

Alright then.

Hey, what's the bowling alley like?

The one we're going to?

Yeah.

I describe the bowling alley we are about to visit to Lemmy.

We are headed to a place that is known locally as a mecca for bowling.

It was recently constructed with a gaming arcade and karaoke on the first floor, and a bowling alley on the second floor.

There is also a small restaurant inside, so you can spend the whole day there if you want to.

We should have invited Shiho too.

Nah, forget about her. Besides, we're on a date today.

Yeah!

Okay, let's go!

We climb the stairs and are greeted with a huge venue full of bowling lanes.

It is still morning, so there are plenty of empty lanes.

I'm super impressed…

Lemmy's eyes practically fall out of her head. Maybe she has never seen 50 lanes in one bowling alley before.

I go over to the counter and buy two games for us.

Let's grab some bowling shoes.

Okay.

We pick up our rental shoes from the vending machine and then go find some balls.

There is an array of different colored balls.

I settle on a 13-pounder to start with.

Lemmy is like a kid in a candy store.

She's just a girl, so…

Okay, I'll take this one!

She grabs a ball with the number '18' painted on it.

You doofus! You're not gonna be able to bowl properly with a ball that heavy!

Really?

Of all the balls, Lemmy! Don't pick the heaviest one.

An 18-pounder is rare. I have almost never seen anything above 15 at other places.

Then… I'll take this one.

She has a 17-pounder in her arms.

No, not that one either.

I shake my head, and Lemmy sheepishly returns the ball to the rack.

Okay, then…

Don't even think about the 16, 15, or 14 either.

I say for good measure, stopping Lemmy in her tracks as she reaches for the 16-pounder.

But bigger is better…

Not all the time.

Oh woe is me…

She looks deflated.

I am somewhat exasperated as I start to compare the size of her arm to the balls.

I think you're right around the 11-pounders, aaand…stop right there.

Lemmy was already rushing over again but freezes when she hears my voice.

Yes?

Don't pick up a six or an eight either.

Ahaha, you're sharper than Sherlock Holmes.

You don't need to be sharp to know what you're thinking when you run to the end of the rack.

…From one extreme to another. Geez.

But the smaller the easier to maneuver…

Lemmy, you're an 11. Grab an 11-pounder.

Oh woe is me…

There's no woe for anyone.

I make Lemmy pick up an 11-pound ball as we go over to the benches at our lane.

Now I have to explain to her how to bowl the ball.

Hey, Lemmy? Do you seriously not know how to bowl a bowling ball?

I ask for the hell of it.

Lemmy turns and rolls the ball around with a troubled look on her face.

Oh no! Hiroyuki!

What?

This ball only has three holes in it.

…You bonehead.

I sit Lemmy down on the bench and demonstrate how to bowl the ball in front of her.

…And that's how you bowl the ball. There are plenty of people around here who are better than me, so you could watch them for pointers too.

I give her an explanation on my bowling technique.

I don't know if my form is correct, so it is a pretty rough explanation.

This is more difficult than I expected…

I realize just how complicated it is when I am explaining it to her, what with all of the moving limbs and stuff.

Lemmy is right.

Look, just give it a shot.

Okay.

I hand the ball over to Lemmy, and she puts her fingers into it, ready to bowl.

Start with your right foot.

She nods in response to my directions and steps forward with her right foot.

Her footwork is fine, but then she suddenly swings her right hand back.

No, no. You're supposed to bring your right hand up in front of you.

Whoops, I forgot.

Try again from the start.

Okay.

Lemmy readies herself again.

This time, she brings her right hand up in front of her as she steps with her right foot.

That's the way.

Then she steps with the left and again with the right…

Stop. You've got the ball stuck in front of you.

Why'd I do that? Ahaha! Silly me.

…She's more uncoordinated than I thought.

Look, watch me again. On the first step, bring the ball up in front of you. Second step-lower the ball. Third step-swing the ball back and then throw it with your fourth step.

I demonstrate to her again.

Ohh, I see.

Really?

Of course!

Lemmy nods enthusiastically and then readies herself.

One step forward… Then two, three…

Yes! Looking good.

She at least looks like a bowler.

Now swing your arm back with the fourth step and… Hey!

Don't throw the ball there!

Lemmy actually lets the ball fly.

The ball rolls across the carpet and then into the bowling lane.

It careens diagonally into the lane and then straight into the gutter, as expected.

Bahaha! Gutter ball!

You shouldn't be laughing at that!

That gutter ball is recorded as a roll in the first frame.

The letter 'G' appears in my scoreboard.

Looks like you got a gutter ball, Hiroyuki! Ahahaha!

Lemmy must have found it hilarious as she holds her stomach in laughter.

Gah! You did that on purpose, didn't you?

Sorry, my bad. I didn't mean to do it. I just suddenly felt like a pro bowler so…

Lemmy smiles sheepishly.

Oh? So you're saying you accidentally let go, huh? Then let's see what Pro Bowler Miyauchi's real skills are then!

Okay, I'll show you my chops!

I am only teasing her, but Lemmy seems to take it pretty seriously.

She picks up her ball from the ball returner and stands in front of the lane.

Lemmy focuses all of her energy-she means business.

Eventually, she slowly takes a step forward.

Now she really looks like a pro bowler!

*thud*

She lets go of the ball, and it lands cleanly in the lane.

From the moment the ball leaves her hand to even after it begins to roll, she looks like a pro.

It rolls with a diagonal spin to it, and is right on course.

If it stays on course, it'll cut right through the first and third pins… Hang on!

The silence is deafening.

Lemmy's ball rolls into a pinless oblivion.

…Whoops, wrong lane.

She had bowled in an empty lane.

Bonehead.

…And just like with her archery, Lemmy is great at looking the part.

We play six games that day. My arm feels like it is going to fall off.

Back and forth we go between the arcade on the first floor and the bowling alley on the second floor. We spend almost half a day there.

Lemmy ends up improving and bowls fewer gutter balls.

My high score is 135 and hers is 83.

That was fun.

Yeah.

I got better at bowling thanks to you.

We both gotta get better at making spares.

Yeah. Take me bowling again sometime, okay?

Sure.

Okay, I'll see you later.

See ya.

We part ways at the station.

Despite being the same age as me, Lemmy can be pretty childish sometimes. I am never bored around her.

But that also makes me feel as though I have to keep an eye on her and look after her…

I think to myself as I go home.

Hi, Hiroyuki!

Lemmy approaches me during break time.

Hey, Lemmy.

Um, Hiroyuki? I'm having a party at my place tonight.

Nice. What's the occasion?

No occasion. Just a regular party.

Like a dinner party then?

Yup! I'd love for you to come too.

Me?

Yeah!

Lemmy nods.

She's inviting me to an American house party?

Is anyone else coming?

Nope, just my family.

Huh… Don't you normally invite your neighbors and stuff to dinner parties?

Yeah…but they always decline. Japanese people are always so busy…

Oh, that? It's not that they're actually busy. Japanese people generally aren't great at mingling with their neighbors.

They're not good at it?

They don't do anything unless they're obligated to.

How complicated…

That applies to me too…

You don't feel obligated?

Me? Well…

A. I totally do feel obligated.

B. I do, but I've also got plans.

I totally do feel obligated, so I'll definitely be there.

I nod.

Yeah! I know it'll be a lot of fun!

Lemmy is overly excited.

It's okay if we invite Akari and Masashi too, right?

…Sorry. Today's special, so I only want you to come.

Just me?

Yeah.

Lemmy nods.

She also seems somewhat embarrassed.

…Don't tell me she's gonna pull out one of those 'this is my future husband!' bits when she introduces me to her family!

You don't mind, right?

Lemmy asks.

Fine by me. What time does it start?

I am pretty chill about it.

Um, six o'clock.

Gotcha. So six o'clock at your place then.

Yup! I'll be waiting.

Sure.

Lemmy waves with joy and goes back to her classroom.

Why does she only want me to come…?

I do feel obligated, but… Sorry, I've got other plans.

What? Really?

Yeah, I'm really sorry.

No, that's okay…

I'll make sure to keep my schedule free next time.

Sure. I'll invite you again next time.

Lemmy trudges back to her classroom.

Sorry, Lemmy.

It is six o'clock at night…

I arrive at Lemmy's place ten minutes early.

When I press the intercom at her front gate, an unfamiliar voice answers.

The front door opens and a bombshell beauty who looks like she'd strolled off the pages of a stylish magazine greets me.

She has blonde hair, of course.

If Lemmy has an idol vibe, then this girl oozes with Hollywood-star glamour.

…G-Good evening.

I greet her and she bows deeply.

Good evening. We're expecting you. Come right this way…

She turns away with such elegance.

I thank her for letting me in and follow her.

As I did so, Lemmy pops out.

Evening, Hiroyuki.

She runs straight over to me.

Hey.

Come on in, good sir.

…Hey, is that girl your big sister?

I ask Lemmy on the way to her front door.

Yup, that's my sis.

She's gorgeous. You two are the epitome of stunning sisters.

Ahahaha! Stunning sisters!

Lemmy suddenly laughs out loud.

She seems to get a kick out of my casual compliment. It isn't uncommon for her to have little laughing fits like this.

Hey, did you actually understand the compliment?

Uh-huh. Thanks, Hiroyuki.

Man, you find the strangest things funny…

Ahahaha.

As I say that, we reach her front door.

*grrrrrrrrr*

Whoa!

There is something waiting there.

A huge dog.

I-It's on high alert.

Lemmy sees her dog and gives it a big hug.

The dog has wavy ginger fur and floppy ears.

I don't think it's a mixed breed…

Let me introduce you to a member of my family. Her name is Julie.

Julie, huh? Nice to meet you.

I greet her, but Julie is still cautious of me.

It's okay, Hiroyuki. Julie doesn't bite people.

That might be true, but being growled at by such a big dog would make anyone's knees buckle.

S-Sure…

That is all I can squeeze out in response.

Julie, don't be grumpy.

Lemmy strokes Julie's head. Julie lowers her head and stops growling.

…I think I'm in the clear now.

Despite my reaction, I used to have a dog of my own, so I have some idea of how dogs feel. At least, I think I do.

I approach Julie.

Nice to meet you.

I ruffle up the fur on her head, and Julie wags her tail happily.

Cute fluffball.

Lucky you, Julie.

Hey, Julie's a purebred, right? What breed is she?

She is such a fine specimen of a dog that I have to ask.

Yup! She's an Irish Setter.

Sorry, I've never heard of that breed before.

Irish Setters flush out birds.

She's a hunting dog, huh? Cool.

Hehe. Did you hear that, Julie?

I used to have a big dog myself. It was a Great Pyrenees.

A mutt with Great Pyrenees blood, that is.

Oh! A Great Pyrenees! That's so cool!

Hahaha, you think so? I don't know if it was 'cool.' 'Chill' might be a better word.'

I love that breed.

Thanks.

As we chat away…

Have you finished getting Julie acquainted with our guest?

Lemmy's sister appears.

…Actually, we should get going. The party won't start unless we're there.

Lemmy and I hurry a little into her house.

Thank you for having me!

It feels so novel and refreshing to enter someone's home with my shoes still on.

And I am surprised at just how clean and sparkling everything is.

I will find out later just why everything was so clean, though…

Come right this way.

Cindy leads me through to a massive room.

In the center of the room is a large table with an impressive spread of food.

I think it is a room reserved for parties, but it is just their living room.

Welcome, Fujita!

A man, who I think is Lemmy's father (?), comes in and greets me.

Good evening. Pleased to meet you.

Hahaha! I've heard so much about ya from my daughter!

So it is Lemmy's father and he has the biggest Hollywood-star eyes I've ever seen.

But what he has gripped in his hand is of more interest to me.

Wait, a rifle?! …A toy one?

The person who I assumed was Lemmy's father walks in with that very gun pointed right at me.

Nice to meet ya. I'm Helen's dad. The name's George. Wahaha!

I hold my arms up as he introduces himself to me.

Why is he laughing with his gun pointed at me?!

H-Hello… But why…?

Did I do something to warrant being shot?!

Dad, don't point your gun at guests.

Cindy is exasperated.

Hahaha! Why not? This is my favorite gun. I'm not allowed to carry it around at work, so at least let me point it around at home. Right, Fujita?

Y-Yeah…?

What's with this guy?!

Relaaax. The gun's not loaded. See?

Hahaha! Ohhh, it's not loaded!

But look at you! The little kid from all those years ago is a fine man now! Wahaha!

He puts his arm around my shoulders.

The gun is still pointed right at me.

It's not loaded, right?

Toy or not, I'm sure getting shot by that would really sting.

Th-Thank you. You're too kind.

So that kind man from before was actually a gun-wielding maniac?!

Helen's taken a real liking to you since then!

Um, you're referring to Lemmy when you say 'Helen,' right? Why do you call her that?

It has been on my mind for a while so I figured I would ask.

Oh, my family calls me Helen.

Lemmy chimes in.

Only us family members call her that. You're welcome to call her that too.

Th-Thank you, but I'm more comfortable calling her what I'm used to.

Anyway! Whaddaya say we go shoot some pheasants sometime, young Fujita?

Yeah! Let's go!

Ph-Pheasants?

I don't know how to respond.

…Dad, Helen. Why don't we leave it at that? Your barbaric suggestions are making him uncomfortable.

Cindy throws me a well-timed lifeline.

Oh please, Cindy. Hunting is a gentleman's sport. Isn't that right, Fujita?

I-Is it? Hahaha…

Yup! And I'm a lady.

Dad, could I have a chance to speak to him now?

Lemmy's father thinks for a moment.

Sure. You may rent him for a minute.

Hahaha, 'rent'…?

Am I just an object to this family?

Sorry, he's always like this outside of work…

Cindy says, rolling her eyes.

That's okay. It makes him easy to get along with.

Watching her father is like watching the origins of Lemmy's personality play out.

Lemmy definitely resembles him.

Now then, allow me to introduce myself properly. I'm Cindy. Lovely to meet you.

The sight of Cindy bowing makes her seem so elegant.

Nice to meet you too.

I bow as well and think to myself-

Cindy must resemble her mother.

As that thought crosses my mind, I become curious as to what their mother is like.

Their father's American, so their mother must be Japanese.

I want to see her…

And then…!

*skrrt, skrrrt*

I hear the sound of something rolling down the hallway at an incredible speed.

Before I can process the thought, someone kicks the door with a crash and barrels in.

YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

It is a boy on a skateboard storming in, kicking up a fuss.

He makes a sharp turn in front of the table and grabs one of the sandwiches there.

I'd say he is about 10 years old with a cheeky, freckled face-like what you'd expect from a little brat in a manga.

He couldn't have been someone else's child, so I assume it is Lemmy's little brother.

Cut it out, Mickey! That's so rude!

Lemmy tries to chase after him, but she is no match for his skateboarding skills.

Lemmy goes over to yell at him.

The boy… Mickey, is it? Makes a face as if to say, "Oh, crap," as he takes a bite of his sandwich.

He then grins at me and throws the sandwich over Lemmy's head.

It flies through the air towards…me.

Whoa!

I frantically catch it with two hands.

You dimwit, Helen!

While everyone's attention is turned towards the trajectory of the sandwich, Mickey kicks the floor and glides away on his skateboard.

…Heh, good job, kid.

I can't help but smile at his slick work.

What the heck?!

Ignoring the furious Lemmy, the boy skateboards over to me with his hand held out.

Hey! Pass it over!

Yeah, yeah, I know.

The sandwich, right?

Here ya go.

I hand the sandwich to him as he cruises by.

Thanks, Bro!

Mickey makes a sharp turn, hiding behind me, and starts to eat his sandwich.

I am a little surprised that he can speak Japanese.

Hehehe, you two make a nice duo.

Cindy chuckles.

But Lemmy won't stand for it after being messed with.

Hey, Mickey.

She storms over.

The sight of a big sister getting angry at her little brother.

This is my first time seeing Lemmy mad.

She's your typical big sister around the house.

Now, now, Lemmy. We're here to have a party tonight. Cut him some slack.

I try to help Mickey.

But Hiroyuki…

Yeah, yeah, I know. Say, Mickey? You should apologize to your sister.

I try to calm Lemmy down as I urge Mickey, who is still behind me, to apologize.

Mickey looks back and forth between Lemmy and me before nodding.

*mumble, mumble* *mumble, mumble*

I think he apologizes, but he is speaking in English, and he is speaking so quietly I can't hear him.

I guess he's a pretty good kid after all.

Gosh… Hehe.

Cindy begins to laugh.

Hey, Lemmy? I didn't catch what he said.

He said, 'I guess it was sort of my fault, maybe.'

…Hahaha! What a little snotball!

I start laughing too.

Mickey won that one. Introduce yourself to Fujita while you're at it, Mickey.

Lemmy's father joins in on the laughs too.

His rifle is aimed at Mickey, though.

You would think he is threatening him with it.

But Mickey doesn't seem to care and nods.

I'm Michael. Nice to meet ya, Mr. Hiroyuki.

He holds out his right hand.

I assumed Lemmy must have told him about me since he already knows my name.

Yeah, nice to meet you too, Mickey.

I hold out my right hand too.

I thought 'Mickey' was his name the whole time, but it is short for 'Michael.'

American names can be so confusing…

As I thought to myself…

What do you think about my dad pointing his gun towards his family like that? It's like our house is a big-game park.

Wahaha! Because the fierce predators in our home like to steal food before it's time to eat!

Geez, you could get mad at me in a nicer way.

Mickey throws his arms up in the air in annoyance.

Their little act is hilarious.

Hahaha…<rep rep_sweat>

The exchanging of jokes between them brings a smile to my face.

I like the vibe.

But then…

*knock, knock*

There is a knock on the big door at the back of the room. A second later, it opens.

A cart comes rolling in.

Who's pushing the cart?

Freeze!

Lemmy's father yells as he points his gun at them.

Freeze…?

Who is it?

Goodness me. If you make me freeze for any longer this soup is gonna freeze over too.

The person pushing the cart says in exasperation.

It is a woman in traditional Japanese clothing.

…Hahaha, and here I was thinking we were being robbed. Ayame, Fujita just got here. Go on and introduce yourself to him.

Oh, Fujita?

Oh, hello! Good evening.

Goodness me! Hello there! Thank you for being such a good friend to my daughter. My name is Ayame, and I am George's wife.

It's nice to meet you. You don't have to thank me for being friends with Lemmy. The pleasure is all mine.

Ayame bows deeply in the same way that Cindy did, and I bow as well.

She is Japanese and exactly how I pictured she would be.

Lemmy's mother is also beautiful and so refined…

How I envy Lemmy.

Hah hah hah hah! Now that we're all here, let's get started!

Okay!

Mickey skateboards over to the cart.

He reaches out and almost touches it as he zooms past.

Thanks for the- Oh no! How could you?!

He suddenly holds his head in a dramatic fashion.

What's the matter, Mickey?

Haven't you forgotten something, Mom?

What have I forgotten?

The food, Mom! You expect us to eat a cart?!

Oh my goodness, you're right!

Lemmy's mother puts her hand to her mouth in disbelief.

Honestly! What happened to Maggie?

We sent her off to get her actuator replaced, so she won't be back for three days.

Cindy says.

Really? Mom has to take over for her for three whole days?

Who's Maggie?

I ask Lemmy.

Maggie's our Robomaid.

Oh, really?

And Cindy's studying mechanical engineering, so she knows a bunch about machines.

Mechanical engineering? That sounds impressive.

As I speak to Lemmy…

Hurry up and bring out the food, Mom!

Yes, yes, I know.

Lemmy's mother leaves the room snickering as Mickey pushes her.

…Geez, the thought of being fed a cart for three whole days sure gets me down.

Bahaha! You know how forgetful your mom can be. You better start developing a taste for carts!

Evidently, Lemmy's mother can be absentminded.

Everyone's so unique. This house must be full of fun every day.

A cheeky little brother, a father who walks around the house with his rifle, and an absentminded mother.

As for her big sister, well…

Actually, maybe she's the most normal one of the bunch.

Her only "quirk" is her stunning beauty.

Mom's been gone for a while.

Cindy mutters.

Lemmy nods.

Come to think of it, five minutes has already passed.

I'm staaaaaarving…

Maybe she's reheating the soup.

I'll go check on her.

Wait, Cindy!

What is it, Dad?

I'll go…

I don't know why, but everyone puts their hand up to go to the kitchen.

And Mickey, of all people, is the one who tells his dad not to because it will be dangerous to take the rifle with him.

He even tells Cindy not to go.

It makes sense to be against bringing rifles to the kitchen, but what is the problem with Cindy going?

I'll go.

You're a dingbat, so I'll go instead!

Mickey kicks his skateboard up.

You little brat! I'm not a dingbat!

Hahaha! You two get along so well.

Mickey always teases me…

He wants your attention.

Oh my gosh!

After a little while, Mickey returns looking disappointed.

What's wrong?

Mom had the soup cooking on the stove from before she even came in, so now there's a hole in the pot.

Daaang, that's a crying shame!

No soup for today's party then.

Oh woe is me…

Hurry up and fix Maggie already, Cindy.

Not possible. It'd be one thing if it was something simple, but I need a specialist garage for her issue.

…I'll do my best to develop a taste for carts.

Mickey is deflated.

Carts aren't even edible!

And so the party begins-without the soup.

Cheers!

We all raise our glasses for the toast.

Now this makes you a member of our family, Fujita! I'll call you Hiroyuki starting now.

Lemmy's father says after I took a sip of juice.

His rifle is aimed at who he is talking to, as usual.

…I-I appreciate it.

No booze for minors! Have some soda instead.

Lemmy's father whips out a bottle of soda.

I have only had a sip of my juice, but he tries to refill my glass anyway.

Th-Thank you.

There is no way I can refuse his gesture.

I hold my almost-full glass out to him.

He pours more soda up to the brim…

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

The soda reaches the brim and then overflows, as one would expect.

But there is already someone with a handkerchief under the glass…

Careful, Dad. You'll stain the floor.

Cindy says.

She was on the other side of the table just a second ago… When did she zip over here?

Wahaha! My bad! You're always so quick on your feet, Cindy!

Lemmy's father chuckles.

Yo! Cindy!

Mickey calls out from the other side of the table.

He is holding a giant bowl of salad.

There is a single lettuce leaf in his right hand.

Oh…

He flaps it around before dropping it.

*THUMP*

Someone pounces off the floor.

Whaaaa?!

Cindy leaps over the table, diving towards Mickey.

She jumped three yards across?!

What surprises me more is that after flipping in the air, Cindy stands up holding the piece of lettuce that Mickey had dropped.

Did she catch it before it hit the floor?

Cindy's a clean freak.

Nuh-uh, Helen. She's got OCD when it comes to being clean.

Please excuse my improper behavior… Mickey, I won't let you off so easily if you do that again.

Cindy smiles at me before scowling at Mickey.

What a clean freak…

That doesn't mean she has to act so frantically before things get dirty…

I guess Cindy has her own quirk after all…

Mickey stopped her from going into the kitchen because she would not leave until she cleaned it all of oil stains as well as soot and rust.

…After all of the chaos, Lemmy's mom doesn't let us down (?) and mixes up the salt with sugar before the party comes to a close.

By the end of the fun-filled party, I have become a member of the Miyauchi family myself.

I never find out why I am the only one invited, but I'm sure Lemmy just wants me to become friends with her family.

Man, I'm starving. I need Fooood!

I peek into the kitchen for some food and then remember something.

Oh yeah!

A whole bunch of things are on sale at the shopping arcade today for their customer appreciation event!

I think ramen and shelf-stable foods are supposed to be extra cheap.

My plan is to stock up on the way home to cut back on food costs.

Gah, I can't be bothered…

Maybe I'll just go to the nearby convenience store…

No, don't let the sloth in you win!

I'll be on easy street later if I put in the hard work now.

…A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.

I start getting ready to go out.

And practically drag myself to the shopping arcade.

Now off to the supermarket I-huh?

I see someone ahead of me in my school's uniform and bright blonde hair.

…That's Lemmy.

I snicker and just as I am about to call out to her, I notice that she is with someone.

In an attempt to figure out who it is, I squint my eyes… She is with a small girl of maybe kindergarten age.

The girl appears to be crying.

Who's kid is that…?

Lemmy's little sister, maybe?

As I continue to watch, they eventually start walking.

Heeeey! Lemmy!

I call out to stop her.

Oh, Hiroyuki.

Heya, Lemmy.

Um, Hiroyuki… This girl's lost.

Lost? She's not your little sister?

No.

Then we should take her to the police…

No! Megumi here really wants to see her mom. Isn't that right, Megumi?

Yeah!

The little girl-Megumi, gives a big nod.

Her eyes are still red from crying.

Sure. Let's look for her.

I chuckle and nod.

…Because I did the exact same thing before too.

Oh, are you sure, though?

Yeah, no sweat. I'll tag along.

…And so Lemmy, Megumi, and I begin wandering around the shopping arcade.

Let me know if you get tired, okay, Megumi?

Lemmy says out of kindness and concern for Megumi.

And then…

Hey!

What is it?

How come your hair's white?

The girl seeks reassurance.

Thinking about it, Megumi must be so fascinated by Lemmy's blonde hair.

A huge grin spreads across Lemmy's face.

I'm actually an angel!

I can't believe the words coming out of her mouth.

Sure, she is talking to a child, but still…

An angel?

Megumi's eyes light up.

Yup.

Lemmy nods and Megumi becomes even more excited.

Miss, Miss! Show me!

Sure!

Lemmy crouches down to Megumi's height and shakes her hair about.

It's so light and flowy!

Megumi plays with Lemmy's radiant blonde hair.

Lemmy will probably make a great mom someday.

I smile at the sight of the two girls having fun.

We gotta quickly find your mom.

One hour later…

We still haven't found Megumi's mother.

Lemmy, you must be exhausted from your school club practice. Why don't you leave Megumi with me and head home?

No way! I'm not leaving.

…

Lemmy's words sound heavy with responsibility, so I nod without saying anything further.

We continue to walk around…

Another hour later…

Hey, Hiroyuki?

Lemmy says.

The sun is setting and Megumi is sleeping soundly on my back.

Yeah?

Why didn't you go to the police?

Huh?

I don't understand the reason for Lemmy's question.

I saw you piggybacking a lost child that one time.

That one time? …Oh!

I'm embarrassed that you saw me.

There was nothing embarrassing about it.

Lemmy smiles.

It is a gentle one, different to her usual bright smile, and it makes my heart skip a beat.

You spent so long looking for his mom.

…And you were watching me the whole time in the shadows?

Yeah. I didn't really know you then, so I kept watch to see if you would take good care of the little boy.

She was following me out of concern that I might abandon the boy, apparently.

You make me sound like a monster… I found the kid's mom, didn't I?

Yeah… That's when I realized the truth about you.

And what was that…?

Lemmy looks away bashfully.

That you're a really kind person…

I dunno about that. I'm a pretty bad guy.

Lemmy giggles.

I decided that if I ever come across a lost child, I'll look after them to the very end.

Why?

Because fate can bring people together through it, just like with you.

Like me? You mean when I was a kid?

Yes.

Things don't always fall into place perfectly like that.

In the end, we are never able to find Megumi's mother and wind up heading over to the police station.

Megumi's mother hasn't reported her missing yet, so she must have been searching for Megumi herself too.

We wait at the police station for a while until there is a call from another police station. Megumi is finally reunited with her mother.

I'm glad we found her mom.

Lemmy says as we leave the police station to go home.

Yeah… There weren't any fated meetings this time, unlike that time with the lost boy.

There was.

Huh? Who?

I cock my head in confusion.

You and me.

Us?

Yes.

You think so? But I'll be an old geezer by the time Megumi's an adult. You won't be so sprightly yourself.

That's not what I meant. When Megumi grows up, I'm sure she'll be the type of adult who'll stay with a lost kid until they find their parents.

I see… Yeah, I hope Megumi becomes an adult (?) like us… someone who'll take care of lost children.

Mm-hmm.

We continue our conversation before parting ways at the station.

During the break after fifth period…

I slump with my head down on my desk, ready to sleep at the drop of a hat.

I am super sleepy.

Everyoooone! Big news, big news, big news!

And then, a walking megaphone bursts into the classroom.

It was big-mouth Shiho.

I don't know how everyone but me has the energy, but they all gather around Shiho to listen in on the gossip.

Shiho's extreme energy is like a scandalous headline-It makes everyone eager and curious.

It is always a let down, yet they keep coming back for more.

They sure do like their gossip.

Or maybe they never actually believe her and just enjoy her stories.

That's probably it.

According to the Shiho, news that trickled into my ears, Lemmy had to suddenly return to her home country.

Her home country… Is she going back to the States?

A. Say what now?!

B. I see…

Say what now?!

I stand up.

Off I go, straight towards Shiho.

Pretending to sleep to eavesdrop on my news… Eek<rep rep_sweat>

I stand in front of her and grab her shoulders.

Come here for a sec.

H-Hey. S-Stop that. People are watching!

Hey, are you being serious?

I pull her out into the hall.

Dead serious. When I went to the faculty room to see Ms. Omori, I heard Mr. Kawashita and Ms. Yamagami talking.

You and your patchy intel again…

What's your problem? You don't believe me? Go and see for yourself then.

I was planning to, and you're coming with me. I'm not letting you get away with fake news.

Fine. And I won't let you get away with false accusations if it turns out that I'm right.

We go over to Lemmy's classroom to get to the bottom of things… But then Lemmy appears before we get there.

Hey, Shiho and Hiroyuki!

Speak of the devil, Lemmy.

You're here.

Why?

I'm just gonna ask you straight out. Is the whole 'going back to the States' thing true?

Huh? How'd you know?

Wh-Whaaa?!

S-Seriously?

Yeah…

SEE? Told you so.

…Why did you keep something so important a secret from me this whole time?

Because I figured it wasn't important…

Are you kidding me? It's super important!

You're right… You're family, after all…

Yeah, I've got a right to know too.

…Did Lemmy's family adopt you?

…Um, we're having a goodbye party at my place tonight. Please come, Hiroyuki.

I wouldn't miss it.

Hey, what? A party? Do you have a karaoke machine at your place, Lemmy?

…Can I bring this gasbag with me too?

Lemmy nods.

Sweet. Let's invite Masashi too.

YAAAAAAY! PAAAARTAAAAY!

…That night.

This is it.

Wow, it's such a fancy place.

Yeah, it's impressive…

Akari and Masashi are in awe.

I try to act confident and press the button for the intercom.

Cindy responds and opens the gate for us.

Come on in, guys.

I push the gate open and usher my two friends in.

O-Okay.

Akari nods and Masashi follows.

I also walk through the gate, making sure to close it as I catch up to them.

…Oh yeah. Julie's guarding the front door.

Hey, stop.

Hm? What is it, Yuki?

Akari stops but Masashi assumes I'm calling out to him and continues to walk.

Oh, he's almost at the front door.

Hey, Masashi. I told you to stop.

What's up?

Julie is right beside Masashi as he turns around.

There's a dog at the front door.

Yeah? Where?

Right next to you.

Where? Oh, there she is. How cute.

*grrrrrrrrr*

H-Hey, be careful…

M-Masashi…<rep rep_sweat>

What's her name?

It's Julie but, uh, she's angry at you…

Nice to meet ya, Julie.

Masashi completely ignores Julie's warning growls and sticks his hand out to her.

Julie is surprised and chomps…

Or not.

She's playing around?

Julie melts into Masashi's hand as he strokes her head.

G-Great job, Masashi…

What would you have done if she tried to bite you?

I ask when we reach the front door.

Big dogs are pretty chill, so I knew I'd be okay.

But every dog has its own personality.

Yeah, I got lucky this time, but I'll be more careful next time.

…Could you be any more blase?

Honestly now…

He's gonna do big things in the future, I just know it.

As I am lost in my thoughts, the front door opens.

How nice of you to come! Welcome!

It's Lemmy.

Hey.

Good evening.

Evening, Lemmy.

Come on in!

We greet each other and enter her house.

Lemmy suddenly disappears somewhere inside to take care of something.

Looks like they really don't take their shoes off inside the home in America.

You dingus, we're still in Japan.

Oh… I didn't mean it like that.

Yeah, yeah, I know.

We enter the living room, which is now the party venue.

…

There are some…out-of-place decorations here.

Wow, it's so spacious!

I can't ignore the decorations…

Hahaha! Welcome to my humble abode!

We suddenly hear a booming voice and see Lemmy's father stand up at the other side of the room.

The toy rifle in his hand is aimed right at us, as usual.

Akari and Masashi jump at Lemmy's father's sudden appearance and greet him fearfully.

I had already warned them about him beforehand, so they were probably not as surprised as I was when I first met him.

Thank you for comin' all this way for the party. I really appreciate it.

I wouldn't miss it for the world.

Marvelous! I'm over the moon to hear that! D'ya mind if I shoot off a round?

Hahaha! In place of a party popper? Go right ahead!

Yeehaw!

*BAAAAAANG*

A bang as loud as a party popper rips through the air.

If only it was just that.

WHAAAAAT?!

The BB is ricocheting everywhere like crazy!

I thought he was shooting blanks!

Huh? Looks like it was loaded…

Lemmy's father unloads the gun and inspects it curiously.

*click*

The back door suddenly opens, and Cindy barrels in.

You fired your gun again?!

Cindy is fuming.

…"Again"? So it's not the first time…

No, I, uh… I thought the chamber was empty…

Lemmy's father stutters as he gets scolded by Cindy.

Hand over your gun clip. Now.

But if I don't have this then…

You're causing all of us trouble and there'll be even more trouble if something were to happen to you or one of us.

Okay. Then I just won't put my finger on the trigger…

No. You'll end up touching it to fire your gun.

Then as long as I don't cock the gun…

No! You'll end up doing that and firing the gun anyway!

…Woe is me.

Lemmy's father slumps his shoulders upon having his gun confiscated.

Now we don't have to worry.

Cindy looks ever so pleased.

Watching their interaction makes me realize that Lemmy really does resemble her father.

Akari seems to think so too as she chuckles.

We're having a special party, so no guns today, Mr. Miyauchi.

I say to Lemmy's disappointed father.

And then…

Hahaha! My apologies! Looks like I brought the mood down. Farewells should be fun, rather than sad!

Lemmy's father pats me on the shoulder.

…Y-Yeah.

His pats have more force than I expect, making me stumble.

Lemmy's father laughs heartily.

Anyways, good evening. Are these your friends, Hiroyuki?

He readies his rifle.

The rifle is pointed at Akari and Masashi.

Cindy had only just taken the ammo out of it, but they still feel uneasy having the gun aimed at them.

Akari puts her hands up defenselessly.

Masashi…grins.

You, young lady…

Y-Yes. M-My name is…Akari… Akari Kamigishi. Pleased to meet you.

Akari manages to squeak out an introduction despite her heart almost leaping out of her mouth.

Ms. Kamigishi, eh? Aren't you a beautiful young lady. I'm George, Helen's father. Nice to meet ya.

Y-Yes<rep rep_sweat>

Hahaha! And what about you?

Oh, yes. My name is Masashi Sato. I was in the same class as Lemmy as a freshman.

Yeah? So you're Sato, eh? My daughter's told me all about ya. Nice to meet ya.

Masashi and Lemmy's father shake hands.

Your rifle is really impressive.

Masashi isn't scared at all and actually goes in for a closer look.

Hahaha! You've got a keen eye on you, kid. This here is a Garand…

Lemmy's father is back in high spirits and begins to draw Masashi into his world.

Sorry. My father's always like that.

Cindy strolls in having cleaned up the aftermath of the ricocheting BB.

Lovely to meet you. I'm Cindy.

She reaches her right hand out to Akari.

Akari responds and Cindy finishes introducing herself to everyone there.

Then, I feel as though it is "almost time."

*skrrt, skrrrt*

I am surprised at the succinct timing as I hear the sound of a skateboard carving up the hallway.

YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

Mickey bursts through the door just like he did the first time he met me.

Good evening, Mr. Hiroyuki!

Heya! Always full of pep, eh. This here is Akari and Masashi.

Hi, Mickey.

Nice to meet you.

How do you do? I'm Michael. Pleased to meet ya.

Nice to meet you too.

Akari smiles and Mickey stares at her.

You're real pretty, Miss!

He states matter-of-factly.

Mickey has so much confidence. I could never be so direct.

Thanks.

Akari says, patting Mickey's head.

And… Masashi. I've been looking forward to meeting you.

Me?

Yeah. Hiroyuki told me you play soccer.

Oh, yeah? So you like soccer too?

I love it! Can you teach me?

Huh? Me?

Masashi cocks his head in confusion, but a ball comes flying at him before he can do anything else.

He immediately catches the ball and starts juggling it with his feet. He really did have awesome reflexes.

Oooh, wow! Teach me, Mister!

Sure thing, if something of this level is okay.

Masashi chuckles.

Hahaha! Lucky you, Mickey. Looks like you've got yourself two new friends.

Lemmy's father laughs heartily with his gun pointed at Mickey.

Again, not loaded, but still scary.

I think, as the gun then turns towards me.

By the way, Hiroyuki. Is it just the three of you?

Oh, I actually invited a bit of a noisy friend, but maybe she's running late.

…Geez, where is she?

Um, may I ask where Lemmy is?

Akari asks.

Come to think of it, I haven't seen her around.

She's supposed to be the star of this party…

Oh, Helen? She's in the kitchen right now helping out her mom.

*knock, knock*

There is a knock on the door as if someone has been waiting for Lemmy's father to finish speaking.

Who is it?

It's me, Helen.

It's Lemmy's voice.

Oh, Helen? Drop your weapon and slowly open the door.

He's talking to Lemmy as if she is armed and ready or something.

I will not drop my weapon!

She flings the door open, pushing a cart in with her.

Lemmy looks at her father as he stands there with his gun at the ready.

My weapon is food! Do you want me to drop all of this?!

No, wait… You can't do that… I'll need you to disarm yourself then. Hand that weapon over to me.

Never! You gotta disarm yourself, Dad. Drop your weapon.

Grrrr…

Lemmy takes the food hostage to get her father to hand over his weapon, much to his dismay.

She was trying to trade the cart of food for her father's unloaded gun.

…What a weird father-and-daughter combo.

There's no time. Do you want your food to go cold?

Wait, wait!

I ain't waiting for no one.

Lemmy rocks the cart.

O-Okay, okay…

Lemmy's father drops his rifle, and it clunks onto the floor.

He then raises his hands.

Yeah! Helen won!

Mickey jumps joyfully.

Game, set, and match?

…I mean, yeah, the person with an empty gun would normally be the loser. It made sense.

Goodness, you haven't served the food yet, Helen? It'll get cold.

Lemmy's mother also eventually wheels her own cart in.

Hurry up, Helen. I could die at any second now…

Mickey dramatically splays himself out onto the floor.

What a family…

They seem fun…

Masashi and Akari remark.

…Yeah.

I nod.

Hey, Mom? You didn't mix up the sugar and salt this time, did you?

It's okay this time, Mickey.

Yeah, it's fine.

Lemmy nods too.

Because we put both salt AND sugar in.

WHAAA?!

Jeebus-badeebus! The beautiful food!

Mickey collapses onto the floor like a southern belle again.

I look over at Lemmy's father and notice that he has done the same thing.

Cindy watches everything unfold.

Hehe, relax, you two. The chicken and the salad are fine.

Music to my ears.

I am honestly relieved to hear that myself.

Akari and Masashi merely chuckle awkwardly.

Hah hah hah! Now that we're all here, let's get started!

Lemmy's father has picked up his gun again without me even realizing it.

After Lemmy's mother introduces herself and we all raise our glasses for a toast…

*BLAAAAAAM*

A huge explosion sounds from outside.

Whoa, what the heck?!

Hm? Did someone step on a mine?

Dad! You buried more of them out there?!

A m-mine?!

…No, I thought I dug 'em all back up.

There are mines buried in the garden here?!

Lemmy and I were wandering around out there!

Never once did it cross my mind that there were mines buried in the garden.

Wh-Who the heck was it?

The poor soul who stepped on one of those mines…

Gosh, who's going to clean up the mess?

S-Sorry…

Lemmy's father and Cindy began to argue about who would clean up… Of all things to argue about.

U-Um, we're talking about a mine here, right? Whoever stepped on it is probably seriously injured!

Good evenin'!

We suddenly hear a voice coming from the terrace.

Sh-Shiho…?!

Akari gasps.

I look over and, lo and behold, Shiho is standing there.

…She is covered in dirt.

What's the deal with this place?! *cough, cough*

Wait, YOU were the one who stepped on the mine?!

How is she still walking and talking?!

M-My apologies!

Cindy runs over to Shiho.

…With a towel in hand.

She probably ran because Shiho's clothes are covered in dirt, rather than out of concern for her wellbeing.

Th-Thanks! *cough, cough*

Shiho thanks Cindy for dusting the dirt off her.

Cindy, that's a rag.

Gosh, how careless of me!

Ew… U-Um, it's totally fine!

Hahaha, what the heck are you doing?

I start laughing when I realize that she is okay.

Quiet, you. Stop laughing!

You stepped on a mine, you know. It's a miracle that you're alive.

A m-mine?!

Sorry. It's one of my father's hobbies… They're just toy mines that blast dirt up, though.

Oh, they're just toys?

…No worries! It was my fault for trudging through the garden.

Yeah! Why'd you go through her garden like you own the joint?

Because there's a gnarly-looking dog guarding the front door-duh! I had no choice but to go through the garden and then BLAM!

Hmm. Looks like I placed the mine in the perfect spot.

Dad, that's rude.

Oh, uh, I mean… Sorry, young miss.

Anyway, let's forget about her and go back to our toast.

We clink glasses to finally signal the start of the farewell party.

Bahaha! Pretty careless of ya, Nagaoka!

Leave me alone.

Shiho pouts as Lemmy's father pats her on the shoulders.

Hehe. Gosh, Shiho.

Akari sits next to Shiho and warmly watches the interaction.

Would you like a drink?

Lemmy comes over to me with a bottle of juice.

Why's the star of the party going around pouring drinks? I'll pour you one; so drink up.

Are you sure?

Just let me do it.

I take the bottle from Lemmy.

Th-Thanks.

Lemmy, not quite convinced, watches as I pour juice into her glass.

This is really hard, Mr. Masashi.

Don't be like that. C'mon, keep your head straight.

Masashi is away from us teaching Mickey how to juggle a soccer ball with his feet.

Everyone has their own little conversations going.

Lemmyyyyyy! C'mere for a shecond!

Shiho calls out.

She's drunk on juice.

The perfect person to invite to a party.

I smile.

Go on! We'll chat again later.

Okay, I'll be back later!

Sure.

I hear a ridiculous conversation unfold when Lemmy goes over.

Now you listen here! I'm not gonna let you go back to the States until you're able to sing a whole song tonight.

I'm a professional listener, though.

I know that well and true! But I'mma do everything I can to turn you into a songstress!

The fact that Lemmy has a karaoke set at her house makes Shiho more pumped up than usual.

…Looks like Lemmy's probably not gonna get any sleep tonight.

There isn't any point in me standing around doing nothing, so I go over to where Cindy and the others are.

Oh! Hi there!

Thanks for having me.

Perfect timing. Please try some of this, Fujita.

Lemmy's mother gives me a bowl of soup.

I hold the bowl and stare at the soup very carefully.

Did whoever make this season it with…

Hehe, don't worry.

Cindy smiles.

I smile bashfully, put my glass down, and pick up a spoon.

I'm so sorry. I know that we've all gotten to know you so well and yet now…

As I savor the flavors of the soup, Lemmy's mother bows.

No, it's okay. I don't know the exact details, but something suddenly came up, right? You have no control over that.

It's not all bad news, Mom. The fact that we got to know him is great in itself… We probably can't return to Japan for a while, but we hope you keep in touch.

I will. Please let me know whenever you're back in the country.

Of course. And make sure you let us know if you're ever on the west coast for any reason.

Lemmy's mother bows.

Okay, I will.

I bow too.

Sorry to keep you waiting, Hiroyuki.

Lemmy returns while I'm in the middle of bowing.

Shiho already released you from her dungeon?

No, she won't put down the microphone.

Did someone spike her juice?

No idea.

Ah well. Half of the reason she's here is to sing anyway.

Yeah.

Alright, let's head outside for a bit.

I point towards the terrace.

Okay, let's go.

Ooh, it's a full moon tonight.

The perfectly round moon catches my eye the second we stand on the terrace.

Yeah, it's fantastic.

We gaze up at it for a while.

…

…

I'm sorry, Hiroyuki…

Lemmy suddenly says.

For what?

For not telling you that everyone's going back to the States.

Oh… It's fine. Plus, we got to have this party.

You all became such good friends…

It's not like we'll never see each other again.

I can't say that for sure.

We can see each other if I go to America. Your mom told me to let her know if I'm ever over there.

Yeah. We can go together.

Who's 'we'?

You and me…?

Come on now. You don't have to fly over here. I can fly to the States on my own.

Lemmy looked confused for a moment.

Okay, I'll be waiting.

She nods.

Did you enjoy your time in Japan, Lemmy?

Yeah, it's really fun.

…Remember when we went to the arcade? That sure was fun.

The shooting game was so exciting!

I'm jealous that you can get so excited over a game.

You're jealous?

Well, yeah. You've lived your whole life not knowing how fun games are and now you get to enjoy them. That's a great thing to have.

You don't find games fun, Hiroyuki?

It's not that. It's just that I don't feel the awe that I felt the first time I played a game.

You're bored of them?

Kinda.

I wish I could share half of my excitement with you.

Hahaha and I wish I could have it.

Oh woe is me…

I appreciate the sentiment, but I have fun just watching you play, so I don't need the extra excitement.

Okay. I hope you take me to the arcade again.

Sure.

Bowling was a lot of fun too.

Yeah. Wanna try bowling with the 18-pounder next time? Your muscles will be aching the next day.

Bring it ooon!

Yeah? I'll hold you to that.

For sure!

Lemmy nods enthusiastically.

She doesn't have much time left in Japan, which makes Lemmy seem all the braver for making all these date plans…

There are so many places I wish I could go to with you…

Yeah, me too.

Oh yeah, you like cherry blossoms, right?

Yup.

I'm sure it'd be fun if Mickey, Cindy, and everyone could join us to go see the cherry blossoms in bloom.

But cherry-blossom season finished up a while ago.

And…the Miyauchis won't be around next year.

Guess that's not possible now…

Lemmy sounds sad for the first time.

…

The conversation stalls, and we both fall silent.

It is quiet…

I look up to see the moon still shining upon us with its gentle glow.

It feels as if the moonlight has soaked up the excitement of the party as well.

A melancholic, yet gentle silence fills the air as time passes.

How do I put this…?

I say without even realizing it.

What are you talking about?

I mean… We were reunited after 11 years, got to know each other really well, and now we won't be able to see each other again… That makes me pretty sad.

It's okay. We'll see each other again tomorrow.

Well yeah, I know you're not gonna leave right now.

Yeah, but it's happening tomorrow.

What is?

Everyone's flying back tomorrow.

Whaaa?! This is all so sudden!

Yeah.

I thought we still had another one or two weeks.

We gotta tell the others!

I look around and…find someone near us.

Lemmy! Why aren't you listening to me? I'm giving you an example to follow.

You're the example?

Shiho rambled on about how no teacher would get so wrapped up in her own singing that she'd neglect her student.

I made sure to give her a piece of my mind, as usual.

Shut your trap. You just snapped back to reality for a second, that's all.

Excuse me?! How dare you say that!

Look, we're talking about more serious things here. Lemmy and her family are leaving tomorrow.

Whaaaat?!

Shiho grabbed Lemmy by the arms.

We don't have time! You gotta sing!

Lemmy sings like someone reading from a sheet of paper. It makes sense that people insisted on her not singing because of how robotic she sounds.

I don't care if she is good or bad… I am having fun watching her sing with such a seriousness about her.

But I can't just sit back and enjoy myself knowing that this is our last day together…

…The lively farewell party eventually starts to wind down.

We all stand at the gate facing Lemmy's family,

so that everyone can say their goodbyes.

Thank you all for gathering to wish us farewell tonight.

We're all family here. There's no need for formalities.

I appreciate it! Mind if I shoot off a round?

…I do mind.

You can't go causing trouble for him until the very end, Dad.

C'mon, it's the last chance I'll get. Just a little bitty bang?

No one will be laughing if someone gets hit, Sir.

They might be BBs, but they still seem like they pack a mighty punch.

I'm still trembling from the flashbacks of that shot he fired earlier.

Gosh, my dad's been a ball of trouble for you, I know. He'll be gone tomorrow so you can relax then.

Cindy says in exasperation.

Didya have to say it like that, Cindy?

…Ugh. Hurry up and say your goodbyes, Dad.

Fine… Although I hate to say this, I'll end up getting mopped off by my daughter if I don't get a move on.

Lemmy's father sticks out his left hand.

He has his rifle in his right hand, of course.

I chuckle awkwardly and stick out my left hand too.

Goodbye. Take care.

Thanks. I want you to have this Garand.

Lemmy's father presents me with his favorite rifle.

What?! But isn't this your prized possession?

This is precious to me, but I'd like you to have it.

I appreciate the thought, but…

Honestly, I can't think of any uses for it.

And the rifle matches his style to a T.

I gently decline, triggering him to withdraw the rifle in a somewhat deflated manner.

Y'all take care now, y'hear?!

Lemmy's father finishes his goodbye with an old-fashioned American hug.

It really does feel like a final farewell now.

I glance at Cindy.

We didn't spend much time together, but I'm glad to have met you.

Me too.

Cindy also gives me an American farewell hug.

I catch a whiff of her pleasant fragrance.

These must be the moments that turn into memories…

Mr. Hiroyuki.

Mickey calls out to me.

Hey.

I wish you could've given me some pointers about soccer too.

Me? Teach you soccer?

Mr. Masashi said that you were the one who taught him how to play soccer.

That was a long time ago.

It's not fair, Helen. Why didn't you introduce me to them sooner?

I am surprised to see Mickey get so emotional.

Mickey…

I don't know what to say.

But then, it must have occurred to Mickey that he shouldn't worry me.

The Mickey I know returned.

Come and visit us over in San Francisco, okay?!

Yeah.

We exchange a firm handshake.

…Thank you very much for tonight.

Lemmy's mother bows deeply.

There's no need to thank me-we're family.

Thank you.

It's okay, really. Please lift your head.

Um, there's actually something I'd like to ask of you…

What is it?

Please take care of her…

Her eyes are fixed on Lemmy.

Lemmy is watching over us from the shadows of the gatepost.

I run over to her.

What are you doing there? You should be standing with your family.

…I'm just so sad…

Don't be like that. You'll make us all feel sadder if you do that.

I hold my hand out to her.

…?

Come on, shake my hand.

Lemmy slowly reaches her hand out.

This isn't goodbye. I'll see you again, Lemmy.

…You're going home now?

What do you expect me to do? I can't stick around here forever.

Okay… See you…

Hey, you mind if I go to the United States sometime?

You're gonna go visit?!

Yeah.

Okay, I'll visit too!

…No. You should just wait for me.

Oh, okay! Come and pick me up!

Pick her up when I get to the States? Like someone picking up their girlfriend to ask them to marry them?!

Yeah. I will if I can provide for us.

I say jokingly.

…We all eventually finish saying our goodbyes so it is time for us to leave.

Thanks for today.

See you later, Lemmy.

Goodbye, Lemmy.

Farewell, Lemmy.

Bye-bye!

We look back over and over again as we walk away from Lemmy's house.

Hey, Yuki? You said, 'see you later' to Lemmy… Does that mean you're going to see her again?

Akari asks on our way back home.

I promised that I'd visit her in America one day.

What? You're going all the way to San Francisco on your own?

I dunno. I will if I want to.

Hey, what's with that attitude?

Shiho grumbles and then takes Akari's hand.

Akariii! Let's go visit her together.

H-How much would that cost?

About 100,000 yen should be enough for a one-way ticket.

100,000 yen…

Oh, and Masashi! You should become a pro soccer player and play matches over there.

Would I have games in San Francisco…?

Wait, what? Look at this guy here thinking he's already a pro.

We all can't help but laugh.

…It might be fun for the four of us to go together.

Yeah…

When we get to Akari's place, I say goodbye to the others and go to the park instead of heading straight home.

I don't know exactly why I do that.

Maybe because the moon looks so beautiful tonight.

Nah, I'm not that kind of guy.

I want to clear up the lingering feelings in my heart… That is my real intention.

…It is about Lemmy.

I'm sure I gave her a proper farewell…

No, that's not it.

I can't stop thinking about something more important.

…I agonized for hours that night, but couldn't find an answer to how I felt.

Lemmy's flight is today, right?

Yeah. At 10:05, I think.

…Maybe we should have gone to the airport to see them off.

I thought that too… But then it would make saying goodbye even harder.

Yeah…

We all said our farewells, so I think we made the right choice.

Yeah…

…We didn't say a word after that and eventually arrived at school…

to see out the rest of our high-school days without Lemmy…

Hi, Hiroyuki!

It is even more impossible than usual to pay attention in class today.

During my break, I go over to peek inside Lemmy's classroom.

I wait for her to poke her head out from the corner of the hallway, but nothing.

Lemmy isn't around.

…I am so used to her being there, but she is gone.

I didn't think not having her here would make me feel so sad.

My gloominess drags on.

Do I…like Lemmy?

Yeah.

…That's it!

It has to be that!

That nagging feeling I have is because of that.

Should I have realized sooner and told her straight up?

Damn it…

If…she were standing right in front of me…

I like you, Lemmy.

I could have said that to her face…

I love you too, Hiroyuki.

It would have felt amazing to hear her say that back to me.

What's wrong, Hiroyuki?

I'm sad because you've gone back to the United States.

Hm…? But I'm right here.

Huh?

I haven't gone back anywhere.

Is that really you?! Weren't you supposed to fly off today?!

No. It was just my family that went.

Hang on. You're staying here?

Hiroyuki…

Tears suddenly fill Lemmy's eyes.

H-Hey now…

Lemmy leaps into my arms before I can finish my sentence.

I love you, Hiroyuki! I'm not going anywhere!

Hold up. Was the plan for you to stay in Japan this whole time?

Yeah.

Did I…misunderstand this whole thing…?

Did you think I was going back to the States?

Y-Yeah.

I did think you were acting weird yesterday.

What she says clears all of my confusion.

Hey, you mind if I go to the United States sometime?

You're gonna go visit?!

Yeah.

Okay, I'll visit too!

…No. You should just wait for me.

Oh, okay! Come and pick me up!

…Our conversation doesn't quite make sense.

Because we're on different wavelengths.

Or, rather, I had the wrong idea from the very start!

Ugh, I'm such a bonehead…

You said you liked me, Hiroyuki. Was that a misunderstanding too?

No… Not at all. I like you, Lemmy.

Thanks. I'm staying put.

Yeah, and I won't let you go.

I see… So she's going back to the United States…

I feel kind of sad about it.

Yeah. Something about her father expanding his business in their home country…

I have to make sure I say my goodbyes…

Alright! What should I do when I get home?

I think about what I will do after school as I walk down the hall.

Hey, Hiroyuki!

Whoa!

Before I can process the voice, something sends me rolling down the hall.

Bwah?! Lemmy?!

Hi, Hiroyuki! How are you?

Lucky for me, Lemmy's panties are on full display from my position.

My body is in a bit of pain, but that doesn't bother me.

F-Fine, thank you…

I raise my hand in response, but I can't take my eyes off the up-skirt view I have.

Snow-white beauty…

I…

A. Didn't move from my position.

B. Feign being in a rush and leave her.

What's the deal knocking me off my feet like that?

I ask, still lying on the floor.

I do all that I can to stay in the position I was in.

Are you okay, Hiroyuki? Can you stand?

Concerned, Lemmy kindly holds her hand out to me.

I don't want to move from my courtside seat, but I have no choice but to grab Lemmy's hand.

Such a warm, supple hand…

I begrudgingly stand up.

Thanks.

…You're not hurt, Hiroyuki?

Lemmy seems really worried.

It is as if I am seriously injured.

I had to reassure her.

No, I'm totally fine.

I jump around in an effort to prove just how fit and fighting I am.

Thank goodness!

She seems so happy that it is hard to believe how concerned she was a second ago.

The radiance of her smile reminds me of the Californian sunshine.

Relax… A little fall's not gonna kill me.

Well you didn't seem like you could stand!

Th-There were other reasons for that…

Huh? What were they? Tell me!

Lemmy joyfully links arms with me.

The sudden feel of her body close to mine makes me a little nervous…

I guess this is normal for an American. They're more touchy-feely.

So why did you stay on the ground?

I was looking up your skirt!

…As if I can say that.

No reason.

…Hey, Hiroyuki?

Yeah?

Was this a dramatic encounter?

Huh?

A dramatic encounter?

A man and a woman colliding. It was a fated encounter, no?

Fate…

Then, I finally remember something.

Lemmy explained this to me once before, using the phrase to describe how Kurusugawa and I met.

Did she really try to recreate that herself? Talk about thinking literally…

Right?

I don't think so.

This is less fate and more Lemmy-induced.

Really?

You might be able to say that if we just happened to bump into each other, but you came charging at me, no?

Yeah… Because I wanted that dramatic element…

I get where you're coming from, but that's not what you call 'dramatic'…

I see… I'll make sure to accidentally bump into you next time.

You ran into me just for that?!

Oh, I forgot… There was something I wanted to ask you.

What is it?

…Okay, do you mind if I ask you just one question?

Go ahead.

Do you like kids?

Whaaa?!

I don't know how to react.

How did the topic get switched to that?!

…Do I like kids?

I am curious as to what my answer will lead to.

Yes!

Whose kids?

I am worried that she means our kids, or something.

No one in particular. Just someone's kids.

…Ohhh, that's what she means? Don't scare me like that, geez.

I…

A. Like them.

B. Hate them.

C. Don't have any opinion about them.

Kids are honest and cute.

Yeah, I like them.

I thought so!

Huh?

I loooove kids too!

Lemmy says as she swings my arms wildly. I don't know how to handle that.

Th-That's nice.

And I love people who are kind to kids!

She hugs my arm.

I wasn't expecting her to get so close…

What made you ask me that?

That's a secret, for now!

Why?

Speech is silver; silence is golden!

What the heck?

Sorry, Hiroyuki! I gotta run!

W-Wait…

She hops away from me and then runs off.

See ya, Hiroyuki!

…

I stand there staring blankly…

Why in the world did she ask me that?

Especially since we don't really talk much during class or anything either…

Kids these days have no manners.

I hate kids.

Seriously? You're kidding, right?

Huh?

I don't really understand what she is getting at.

…But I think she is finding it hard to believe what I had just said.

If that's the case, why is it so hard for her to believe that I don't like kids?

I don't believe you!

Lemmy lets go of my arm and then runs off.

Then she turns around for a second.

I know the truth!

And with that, she disappears.

…

What does she know…?

Why in the world did she ask me that?

I have no idea.

There are so many different types of kids around.

I guess I love and hate them?

I can't pick one because not all kids fall under the same category.

You can't pick both.

You're putting me in a tough position…

Do you love or hate them?

Lemmy pushes me.

…Okay, I'll give her a straight answer.

I like the honest kids and hate the naughty ones.

I say frankly.

Lemmy nods, seeming to accept my answer until…

So which is it?

The girl seeks reassurance.

Um…

Looks like this conversation won't end unless I pick one.

My answer is…

A. I like them.

B. I hate them.

I don't want to act like some sleazebag.

So I quickly stand up.

Say, Hiroyuki?

Sorry, Lemmy! I got somewhere to be today, so…

Hiroyuki…

I give a casual wave and then leave.

Broadly speaking… I guess I like them.

If I have to choose, I won't say that I hate them…

You like them?

Yeah.

A huge grin spreads across Lemmy's face.

That's you and me! Kindred natures do yearn for union!

Kindred natures do yearn for union?

I guess I know what she is getting at.

You mean like, 'great minds think alike'?

Yes!

I don't know where you get these sayings from. Some idioms just aren't used that much any more.

Lemmy wags her finger and clicks her tongue.

You need to be more open to embracing Japanese culture!

…She is the last person I want to be lectured by.

So does me liking kids mean anything good?

Yup!

Like what?

It's a secret<rep rep_heart>

Huh?

Thanks, Hiroyuki! I've got new-found confidence now!

…?

Bye, Hiroyuki!

And with that, Lemmy skips away.

…Confidence? In what?

If I had to choose, then I guess I hate them.

Because there are more naughty kids around than nice ones.

You hate kids?

If I had to choose, yeah. Why?

I have to ask because of how distraught she looks.

Why does me hating kids make her so sad?

I don't believe you!

Lemmy runs off.

Then she turns around for a second.

I know the truth!

And with that, she disappears.

…

What does she know…?

Why in the world did she ask me that?

I have no idea.

Oh, that's Lemmy.

A. Talk to her.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Hey, Lemmy!

I call out to Lemmy who is walking ahead of me.

What? Oh, Hiroyuki!

Yo! Heading home?

Good timing! I was just thinking about you and wanted to see you.

Yeah? What did you want to see me for?

There's something I want to ask you.

What is it?

Do you mind?

Depends on what the question is. Just go for it and ask.

Um, so… What do you think about me?

What?!

…What's her intention behind that question?

In Japan, when a girl asks a guy what he thinks about her, it only means one thing…

My answer was…

A. I like you, of course.

B. I think you're full of energy.

C. Why are you asking me that?

Could it be that she likes me…?

My mind drifts to that scenario.

…Honestly, I think she's really cute.

She's mixed race, has a bangin' body, and it's always fun to be around her because of her energetic personality.

I like you.

Really?!

Uh, she is just confirming if I am being serious, right?

Yeah. Don't think too much into it, though.

You love me?

Easy now… No one said anything about 'love'…

I quickly reject the notion.

I think 'like' is more appropriate.

…Just 'like'?

Lemmy seems really upset.

But, considering how she's usually so energetic and expressive, maybe she is just a regular level of disappointed.

But you know what? I'm not gonna give up.

On what?

See you, Hiroyuki!

And with that, she leaves.

…She's a real mystery.

I wonder what Lemmy is trying to get at.

…We're not the closest of friends.

So I probably shouldn't say I 'like' or 'hate' her.

I think you're full of energy…

I decide to simply describe her for how I see her.

Full of energy…?

Yeah. You're like the California sun.

She's like a fun and energetic American.

Hiroyuki… Do you like energetic girls?

Lemmy suddenly sounds meek.

Yeah, of course.

Really?!

Watching you makes me think that being all shy and meek is silly.

Lemmy is filled with energy again upon hearing that.

Thanks! I'm so glad I asked you!

She smiles.

N-No worries.

Lemmy skips away down the hall.

…Does she like me?

She sure does spring topics onto you out of nowhere.

But we're not so close that we'd ask such deep questions.

Why are you asking me that?

I answered with a question.

Some things are better left unsaid.

Lemmy grins.

What? Will the world end if I find out?

Uh-huh.

What do I think of you? I dunno…

C'mon, tell me!

She takes herself out of the equation and tries to squeeze an answer out of me.

I think of you as my classmate.

I play dumb.

No! That's too literal!

Gah, she's not letting it go.

Somehow, when I'm talking to Lemmy, even the smallest things feel novel.

Okay. I think of you as a girl with blonde hair.

That's just a description of me.

Okay. You're a beautiful girl who's both Japanese and American.

Another description.

Lemmy's cheeks turn bright red.

Oh? So you agree that you're beautiful?

Hiroyuki! Stop messing around!

Hahaha, my most humble apologies!

Her getting all angry while embarrassed is so Japanese of her. I love it.

With an American and Japanese background, Lemmy has the best of both worlds and is an all-round great person.

Okay, I'll tell you the truth.

Yes?

I think you're bursting with charm!

Really?!

Really.

I'm so glad! Really touched!

And I'm glad that you're happy.

Lemmy then says something I don't understand.

I've got confidence now!

Confidence…?

Bye-bye, Hiroyuki!

Lemmy waves and leaves.

O-Okay.

She has confidence…? Is she going to profess her love for someone?

Hey, Lemmy! Catch you later.

I say as I walk past her.

Yeah! See you!

Lemmy waves at me enthusiastically.

Hi, Hiroyuki.

I run into Lemmy in the hall.

A. Talk to her.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Hey, Lemmy.

Are you ready for tomorrow?

Ready for what?

Finals are tomorrow.

Oh yeah, they are…

I yawn as I answer, making Lemmy giggle.

You seem confident.

Lemmy says.

Are you kidding me? I'm always scrambling to make sure I get a passing grade. No way in hell am I confident!

Really?

Yeah. I'm barely managing a pass.

She stares at me.

You seem like the type to get good grades though…

Lemmy says.

…I guess I'll take that as a compliment.

Nothing screams loser more than a dumbass who looks smart.

But "looking smart" is better than "looking stupid," I suppose.

English is the only subject I get good grades in.

Lemmy says with joy.

I can't tell if she is being serious or not.

Well, it makes sense for her to do well on English exams.

What about Japanese?

There are barely any questions about proverbs in our Japanese exams.

Ohhh, right. You're good at proverbs but not necessarily Japanese. Must be tough for an international student to take Japanese exams…

It's no different for me in the States.

She smiles unabashedly.

Lemmy always seems to have as much fun at school as someone does at an amusement park.

But unlike in Japan, there isn't so much stress placed on education in America, right?

Japan can be pretty tough when it comes to school.

The United States sure does sound like a nice place…

…Lemmy and I end up chatting away about everything and nothing in the hall.

It feels pretty nice since we have never spoken at length before.

Hey, Lemmy! I'll catch you tomorrow.

I say with a wave.

Sure. See you tomorrow.

Lemmy responds with a little wave.

Oh, it's Lemmy.

I spot Lemmy walking ahead of me in the hall.

She is holding her shoes so she is probably headed home.

Maybe I should chase after and talk to her.

A. Talk to her.

B. Don't talk to her.

I get up close to Lemmy and call out to her.

Hey, Lemmy.

Oh, Hiroyuki!

On your way home?

Yup. You too?

Looks like it.

Okay, then let's walk home together.

Sure.

Hiroyuki, why are so many Japanese TV series love stories?

Lemmy asks as we reach the hill.

Where'd that question come from?

Apparently, there's a popular TV series that's all the talk amongst the girls in her class.

Because it has an all-star cast, is full of twists, and it always generates conversations. It is the talk of all the classes.

What Lemmy finds curious is how every TV channel, every day is filled with romantic TV shows and not necessarily the TV show in question.

And when I think about it myself, she is right.

Lots of TV series air throughout the week, and most of them are love stories.

Do Japanese people like romance?

Hmm… If you put it like that, maybe.

So it is true.

Did someone tell you that?

Yeah. Everyone in my class was talking about who they liked.

Everyone as in all the girls?

Yeah.

Girls do like talking about that kind of stuff…

So, Hiroyuki…

What?

Do you have a crush on anyone?

Another question out of the blue?

I got hit with a sudden wave of curiosity.

You can say that again.

Please, Hiroyuki? Tell me if you have a crush or not.

Lemmy pleads with puppy-dog eyes.

When she does this, her gestures and demeanor are not different from your average Japanese girl.

A bombshell blonde like someone from the movies acting like a Japanese girl… There is a bit of a mismatch there.

But it is all part of what makes Lemmy so great.

Okay, fine.

My answer is…

A. I do.

B. I don't.

C. Who knows?

I do.

Really?

Yeah.

Who is it?

I'm not revealing any more than that.

It isn't the right place for me to tell her the truth.

What kind of person is she?

My lips are sealed on that too.

Oh woe is me…

Lemmy looks down in genuine disappointment.

What were you going to do with that information?

…Nothing.

She shakes her head weakly.

Lemmy sounds defeated upon finding out that I have a crush.

Could it be that she likes me…?

…Nah, I shouldn't get my hopes up like that.

Do you have a crush, Lemmy?

I flip the question onto her.

Me?

Yeah.

Maybe I should find someone to crush on too.

Lemmy seemed sad just a moment ago, but answers as if she is completely fine.

You don't have to force yourself to find a crush.

Yeah. I won't force myself if you think I shouldn't.

She already flip-flops on what she said.

I have no idea what she is really thinking.

Maybe she's just messing with me…

At first glance, Lemmy seems like the type to not have much going on in her head, but maybe that is all an act.

We talk up a storm today, but Lemmy is her usual self, and I find it difficult to read her.

No one, at the moment.

Really?

Lemmy's face suddenly lights up.

Why are you asking?

It's a secret.

Do you have a crush then?

Hehe, that's a secret.

Heeey! Why all the hush-hush?!

No, hush-hush! Just a little hush.

Ugh, this conversation is going nowhere.

It doesn't have to go anywhere.

Fine, fine. We'll leave it at that then.

There is no end in sight, so I move on.

Lemmy and I talk about a lot of things that day, but the secret she refuses to reveal to me bugs me until the very end.

If she insists on keeping it a secret, then maybe she does have a crush…

Who knows?

I play dumb.

You are pretty popular with the girls.

Me?

Lemmy nods.

Like Akari and Shiho. You're always with them.

She says.

You think I have a crush on Akari or Shiho?

Yeah.

No way. I'm not super close to them or anything.

What? Really?

Akari lives in my neighborhood and Shiho is just someone I've known since middle school. They're totally not girls I see in a romantic way.

So does that mean you don't have a crush on anyone?

Not on those two, at least.

Hmm…

Lemmy ponders.

Rack your brains all you like.

Okay, sooo…which is it?

She catches me off guard with how quickly she gives up.

You're already admitting defeat?!

Uh-huh. Tell me.

Fiiiine…

I'm listening.

Lemmy waits with bated breath.

Do I have a crush?

Mm-hmm.

The answer to that is…

Uh-huh.

A secret.

Oh, Lemmy falls off her invisible chair.

In a really dramatic fashion too. Just like you'd see in a manga.

She staggers back onto her feet.

…You're so mean, Hiroyuki. Don't fake me out like that.

She says, smiling wryly.

My bad, my bad… But I don't think this is the kind of thing you go announcing to the world.

…Maybe you're right. Sorry for asking you an uncomfortable question.

It's fine, really.

We don't touch on that topic again, but I do want to know how Lemmy feels…

Maybe I should've been honest with her.

Nah, not today.

I decide not to approach her and go home.

While I am hanging around the shopping arcade on the way home, I see someone familiar leave the bookstore.

Someone who always stands out from the crowd. It is…

Look who's here. Hey, Lemmy.

Someone with blonde hair in a Japanese school uniform will always stick out-whether we're out in town or at school.

Oh! And just like that, a rice cake drops into my open mouth!

Lemmy says something odd when she notices me.

And she seemed awfully happy about it, too.

What in the world was that?

A Japanese saying.

What happened to your mouth? Wouldn't you choke?

No, the saying goes, 'a rice cake drops into your open mouth.'

Who the heck has heard of that saying before? It's definitely not Japanese.

It's used when good things happen without any effort involved. It's a fine Japanese saying.

That's the first time I've ever heard that.

I feel like the beautiful culture of Japan is gradually fading away…

Lemmy mutters disappointedly, as if she is experiencing it herself.

You should just leave that to the big brains to worry about.

The only thing I can say for sure is that I definitely don't have the brains for it.

It worries me…

This conversation has taken a grim turn…

I decide to…

A. Change the topic.

B. Leave.

I figure I should change the topic.

Which leads me to notice Lemmy holding a paper bag.

What did you buy, Lemmy?

Oh, this?

She crumples and rips the bag.

It's a very useful book!

She says while revealing a dictionary of proverbs.

Also, there’s still one book left in the bag.

You're already a walking dictionary of weird phrases and you're buying more books to add to your knowledge?

I am totally flabbergasted.

It's boring reading the same book more than once. That's why I buy different ones.

Yeah, yeah. You studious little bookworm.

Do you wanna read one?

Come on, don't make me laugh.

That's a pity. They're really interesting.

Out of curiosity, how many dictionaries do you have?

At home?

Yeah.

Well…

Lemmy thinks for a moment.

I have 24 of them!

She says with glee.

24?! Including the ones you just bought?

She shakes her head.

No. I have 26 including these two.

Lemmy states matter-of-factly.

They're not all about proverbs, are they?

They are!

No way…

She has 24 more of pretty much the same books…

At this stage, she's surpassed the level of 'fanatic' and entered the realm of 'proverb otaku.'

Humor me here-do you have Japanese dictionaries or other books aside from ones about proverbs?

Nope. Hehe…

She giggles mischievously.

That's kind of a relief… But I think you'd need ten or twenty Japanese dictionaries on your bookshelf if you want to be an expert on Japanese culture.

I am relieved so I end up saying something ridiculous to toy with her.

Really? Then I'll buy some Japanese-language dictionaries to read too.

No, you don't have to! I retract what I just said! I'm sorry I even mentioned it. I don't know what I'd do if you started using really obscure Japanese words in addition to your proverbs.

But…

Look, it's fine. Go ahead and keep polishing up your proverb chops.

Okay…

Lemmy gives me a noncommittal nod.

I don't have a problem with her reading dictionaries, but I don't enjoy getting lectured about Japanese every time we cross paths.

We keep talking for a while before Lemmy begrudgingly leaves the shopping arcade, seemingly because she wants to buy more dictionaries.

…Bye, Lemmy. See you tomorrow.

I've had enough of conversations about culture and linguistics that feel like classes at school, so I cut the conversation short.

You're leaving already?

Yeah, I don't have any reason to stick around, so…

I see…

See you later.

Okay. So long.

I leave Lemmy and go straight home.

Yo, Lemmy.

Surprise, Hiroyuki!

Huh? Say what now?

I say in confusion as Lemmy grabs my arm.

What's up today, Hiroyuki?

O-Oh, um…

Then, I…

A. Asked to walk home together.

B. Said goodbye and left.

Let's walk home together, Lemmy.

Oh woe is me! I can't do that.

You can't? Why not?

I gotta do some urchery now.

Urchery? Ohh, you mean the Archery Club.

Care to join me?

…Hmmm.

Meh, I got nothing better to do. It might be fun to see what the Archery Club is all about.

Sure. I do care to join you!

And this is the urchery range.

Lemmy takes me to the archery range where there are already a number of club members around.

They are doing their warm-ups.

I didn't know you guys did warm-up exercises for archery too.

I always saw archery as people shooting arrows while standing completely still, but this proves that it really is a sport.

We always start with warm-up exercises. Do you wanna try too?

No, I'll pass.

Why should I have to warm up too?

Oh woe is you…

There's no woe about me. I just came to watch.

Really? I'm gonna go get changed then.

With that, Lemmy walks over to the changing rooms.

I lean on a nearby wall and look around.

It looks like a regular dojo, but there is no wall at the back. There is a lawn the size of a tennis court.

I look farther back to where the targets are positioned and assume that the arrows fly across the lawn towards them.

There are also some volleyballs off to the side of the lawn. I have no idea what they are used for.

After a little while, Lemmy appears in her hakama-a traditional type of clothing worn when practicing Japanese archery.

Lemmy dressed in her vest and hakama looks like your typical Japanese-loving Westerner. I don't know if she fits right in or stands out like a sore thumb.

Thanks for waiting, Hiroyuki.

No worries.

Now, before that…

Lemmy suddenly begins to do her warm-ups.

It isn't as if someone would punish her for not being so diligent about them.

But I want to see her shoot some arrows, not warm up.

…

One, two, three, four…

She's finally done.

I've been waiting for a while now…

C'mon. Hurry up.

Before that…

Lemmy turns around and calls out to a senior club member, who was there from the start, asking for permission to shoot.

Permission is granted without any issue, so Lemmy begins to ready her bow and arrow.

C'mooon, I'm itching to see you in action.

While Lemmy is getting ready, one of the senior club members comes over.

I assume they are a senior club member because of how Lemmy spoke to them, but they look younger than her.

Japanese people really do tend to look younger.

As I am thinking to myself…

Hey! Are you looking to join the Archery Club?

The short-haired senior member asks.

Oh, nah. I'm just here to watch.

Are you in the same grade as her?

The long-haired senior member asks.

Mm…

I nod.

She's incredible. Watch her closely.

The senior club member says with a cheeky grin.

Huh… Lemmy insisted that she was a terrible shot, but it sounds like she's actually really good.

I watch intently.

I don't know if there is a set way to do it, but Lemmy walks over in a particular fashion with her bow and arrow in hand.

I'm ready!

Lemmy suddenly presents herself to the range.

Then she shifts her feet apart slightly and assumes her stance facing the range sideways.

With a fluid movement, she loads the arrow, pulls the bow back above her head, and then stops at shoulder height.

It feels as if time has stopped…

Lemmy looks so cool in her full draw stance…

Less than half of what her senior club members were saying makes it into my comprehension.

Lemmy is so mentally focused that even I end up drawn in with her.

*whoosh*

She shoots her arrow.

*doomphf*

The arrow lands cleanly into the grass.

U-Uh, what?

Ehehe…

Lemmy looks at me with a sheepish grin.

What is with that whole build-up?

She made me wait all that time for THAT?

Did you see that? Lemmy's stance is beautiful, but her arrow always flies in random directions.

It's strange, huh.

The senior members pick apart Lemmy's skills like a couple of experts and nod in unison.

That's a shame… I bet she wanted to look really cool in front of her boyfriend.

B-Boyfriend?!

Um…Lemmy and I…

It's okay, no need to explain yourself. Oh, I know! Get Lemmy to do you-know-what. I'm sure her boyfriend will go ga-ga over her when he sees that.

Uh-huh.

They nod.

What are they going to make her do?

Lemmy, show them that thing! Your boyfriend'll love it!

I'm not her boyfriend, geez!

Okie-dokie!

Lemmy nods, runs off to the side of the dojo, and then pops out at the edge of the lawn.

She is holding three arrows.

What's about to happen?

Here I go!

One of the senior club members throws something into the grass.

I watch as it bounces off the ground-it is one of those volleyballs from before.

There are three of them and they are all tattered…

*fwoosh, fwoosh, fwooosh*

Whoa!

Lemmy shoots her arrows at them.

It takes less than five seconds to shoot all three arrows.

That is impressive in itself.

It would have been incredible if they all pierced through their respective balls.

While the arrows didn't pierce the balls, they still managed to bounce them all away.

What do you think? Lemmy's pretty amazing, huh.

I nod without even realizing it.

See that, Lemmy? He's fallen back in love with you!

Yaaaay!

Lemmy waves at me.

She hits moving targets with 100% accuracy. Oh, but we can't show you any more since our coach will get mad if they see us doing it.

Do you see me in a different light now?

Lemmy smiles at me bashfully.

I answer by giving her…

A. A compliment-"You're incredible."

B. A scolding-"That's not it."

C. A teasing-"Not really…"

You're incredible, Lemmy!

I was so focused on the balls that I didn't see Lemmy pull back her bow. The average archer couldn't possibly shoot three arrows in such quick succession.

It's already insane that she shot three arrows in five seconds, not to mention at moving targets.

Her skills are god-like.

…The more I think about it, the more impressed I am.

You gotta be some kind of prodigy.

Really?

I bet you'd win any competition you entered.

Thanks, Hiroyuki… The thing is… I can't hit stationary targets very well.

You mean your arrows end up landing in the ground when you shoot at fixed targets like that first shot?

Yeah, more or less.

It wouldn't hurt to be more humble.

Ehehe…

Basically, Lemmy is always used as a back-up in archery competitions because there aren't any events where she can show off her true abilities.

A waste of perfectly good talent, in some respects.

That's totally not it.

…It's not?

I'm no expert, but that's not what Japanese archery is about.

Right…

That first shot you showed me was really cool. I want you to show me more of that.

Sorry…but I'm not great at it.

You're not great at regular archery?

No…

What do you mean 'no'? I had my hopes up pretty high.

The senior club member from before then came over to us.

What did you think of Lemmy's special skill?

It was impressive, but it's useless in competitions, no?

Yeah. She can hit bull's eyes on even the farthest targets as long as they're moving…

What are you going to do, Lemmy? Your boyfriend here wants you to win a competition. Guess you need to practice.

The other senior club member said.

I didn't exactly say that…

Okay, I'll do my best!

H-Hey now…

I'm gonna become the star of the Urchery Club!

What the hell?

You can do it, Lemmy. We'd love for you to lend us your skills for the long-range targets.

Yeah! I'm horrible at them.

Will do!

Helloooo?

Everyone's run off on their own tangent and left me behind.

The Archery Club's pretty lax. Definitely not what I was imagining.

Lemmy seems to enjoy herself being surrounded by some great senior members who are a bit wacky.

Well, I guess I don't mind if my visit today helps Lemmy to apply herself better.

Not really…

I remain stone-faced to try and tease her.

Seeing such an impressive sight makes me want to put a damper on the mood.

…

Lemmy seems disappointed, as expected.

I'm just kidding.

You blew my mind.

I rush to reassure her that I was just joking.

Hahaha, I was just kidding! You were mind-blowing…

Sorry, I actually did things the easy way…

Lemmy cuts me off.

Huh?

I cut corners to shoot those three arrows all at once.

H-Hang on…

All at once?! Seriously?!

I should have gotten them to throw more balls at me…

You hit three balls pretty much all at once. That's seriously impressive, yet you can do even better than that?!

I can only hold ten arrows at once.

…So you're saying you can hit ten balls at once?!

What is she, a human machine gun?

I should've shown you my true abilities from the start.

I don't think you were born in the right time period…

Anyway, I'm gonna go home now. I'll catch you later.

Oh, what? You're leaving now?

Yeah.

Oh woe is me…

What more do you want from me?

It's nothing… Take it easy now. Later…

See ya.

I wave at Lemmy, who seems really down on herself, and leave.

I bump into Lemmy on the way to the shoe lockers.

Hey!

Oh, Hiroyuki.

She notices me and smiles.

On your way home?

Yup.

I…

A. Ask her to walk home together.

B. leave.

Okay, then let's walk home together.

I ask.

Okay!

She nods  in delight.

As we walk out of the main door, Lemmy takes a deep breath.

I love spring.

She sounds full of satisfaction.

It's not bad, huh.

I nod.

I love Japanese cherry blossoms.

There aren't any in the States?

There are some, but nowhere near as many as in Japan.

…She's right. Cherry blossom trees are planted all over the place around here.

It looks like a lot because they're planted in clusters.

Really?

Really.

I say with confidence.

Where in the United States are you from again?

Me? My hometown is San Francisco!

San Francisco, huh. That's where the Golden Gate Bridge is, right?

I only know the place for its tourist attractions.

Hiroyuki, we shorten San Francisco to 'SF.'

SF? You don't call it San-Fran?

Us locals call it SF or the City.

It's a local thing, eh? Sounds like you guys shorten things like we do here in Japan too.

Yup.

What's SF like?

Um, it's always foggy. Mornings and nights are cool.

Foggy?

Yeah, it's white and you can't see much of anything.

Lemmy stretches her arms out to gesticulate.

Can't see anything? Sounds tough.

It's not great.

I hate how fog gets your clothes all damp and feels kinda yucky.

Yeah, me too! It's the worst!

So it's foggy every day? That must mean it's cold.

It's cool.

Even in the summer?

Yup. Japanese summers are hot.

That sounds nice… But surely it's cold in winter.

Nope. Japanese winters are way colder.

Seriously? SF sounds like a great place!

Yeah. It is a great place!

Are there any fun places in SF?

Lemmy thinks for a moment.

There's a Japan Town there filled with Japanese restaurants, book stores, and other places.

She explains.

That does sound pretty interesting, but…

I don't think it'd be much fun for a Japanese person to go to Japanese places in America.

It's not really a tourist attraction for someone from Japan.

Ahaha! I totally forgot. Sorry.

She chuckles the notion away.

Aren't there any places that are unique to SF?

There's Chinatown…

Sounds like another tourist attraction that wouldn't be too interesting to a Japanese person. Forget about Asia.

Sorry. My bad. SF is a really great place, but it all seems pretty run-of-the-mill to me.

Now that you mention it, no matter how scenic a place might be it's still just an every-day view to a local, huh…

Tell me about some fun places in Japan, Hiroyuki.

In Japan? Man, I'd like someone to tell me too.

Lemmy looks at me in confusion.

But Japan has so much natural beauty.

She says.

…Oh, I thought she was asking about fun places to hang out.

Yeah, I guess there are lots of nice places in the great outdoors.

Hey, if you were to go somewhere with me, would you pick the beach or the mountains?

Lemmy points towards herself with her thumb.

…Good question.

If I were to go with you…

A. It would have to be the beach.

B. It would have to be the mountains.

C. Wouldn't an amusement park be more fun?

…It'd have to be the beach.

I answer after some thought.

You like beaches?

Yeah! Nothing gets me more pumped than going to the beach in summer. There are so many beautiful colors.

The blue of the sky, the deeper blues of the ocean, the white fluffy clouds and sand, and the colorful beach umbrellas… That's enough to get me all excited.

I say everything that comes to mind as I picture myself at the beach.

Right.

Lemmy nods in response.

Just that atmosphere alone makes it feel as though something fun will happen… I'm totally a beach guy-the beach in summer in particular.

…My reasoning ends up being based on abstract imagery.

I was born near the beach, so I didn't really see it as very special… But hearing your thoughts on it has made me see beaches in summer in a special way too!

Oh, what? Beaches are commonplace for you because you were raised in California? Geez, I'm super jealous of your perspective.

And I'm jealous of you and your love for beaches.

Pfft. You're just trying to make me feel better about myself.

I say in feigned annoyance.

Ehehehe, it's true though.

Lemmy smiles sheepishly.

Yeah, yeah.

…Hey, Hiroyuki?

Lemmy suddenly stops and calls out to me.

What is it?

Let's go to the beach in summer!

It's still spring. Summer's a ways away, you know?

C'mon, let's go!

Lemmy is stubbornly insistent.

She leaves me with no other choice.

Okay, fine. We're still getting a bit ahead of ourselves, but let's go during our summer break.

I suggest a compromise.

Really?!

But not just us two. We'll invite a few others from school, okay?

Sure!

Lemmy and I continue the conversation as we walk home.

…It'd have to be the mountains.

Mountains?

Yeah. I really love mountaintops in particular. There's just that sense of achievement when you climb to the peak. Then you're greeted with an amazing view… Nothing beats that.

Oh, yeah…

And I love the climb too, of course. The sound of birds, the smell of trees… It's completely different from the city's hustle and bustle, it really helps your mind relax. That's why it has to be the mountains for me.

Not to mention campfires at night!

Totally… Even bad singers sound great when gathered around a campfire. It's all about the atmosphere.

I love it too.

You prefer mountains too?

Yeah. I really love them.

I bet you just want to get out there to hunt.

Ehehe…

Lemmy giggles to take the heat off the truth.

I knew it…

I wanna go to a mountain with you, Hiroyuki!

We don't have the time for that.

…But I want to go.

We're all about to go on a school trip to one. That should be enough for you.

I want to go with you…

Lemmy is stubbornly insistent.

She leaves me with no other choice.

Okay, fine. We're still getting a bit ahead of ourselves, but let's go during our summer break.

I suggest a compromise.

Really?!

But not just us two. We'll invite a few others from school, okay?

Yeah!

Lemmy and I continue the conversation as we walk home.

Both beaches and mountains sound like fun, but amusement parks seem pretty fun these days as places to hang out.

It's not that I'm against being outdoorsy, but I feel like amusement parks should be in the mix for guaranteed places to have fun.

And amusement parks are technically outdoors too.

…You like amusement parks, Hiroyuki?

It's not that I'm their biggest fan, but they should be on the list of places I want to go, no?

An amusement park in Japan… Like Dessert Land?

Yeah… Probably doesn't compare to the real deal in the States, though.

What others are there?

There are plenty.

Like?

…I think for a while but can't think of any other major ones.

Only smaller amusement parks known to locals come to mind.

Sorry, I can't think of any other major amusement parks in Japan…

I don't think there are any, at least not to my knowledge.

Where do you want to go, Hiroyuki?

It doesn't really matter. I just wanted to say that there are places to go aside from the beach or mountains.

So which do you prefer? Beaches or mountains?

She's still making me pick one? I should've just chosen something from the start…

I respond with…

A. It would have to be the beach.

B. It would have to be the mountains.

Okay, see ya.

I wave goodbye.

…Okay.

Lemmy responds with a little wave.

Hiroyuki.

Lemmy calls out to me just as I was about to walk off.

Hm?

…See you later.

Mm-hmm.

We wave goodbye to each other once again and part ways.

Hi, Hiroyuki!

Lemmy sees me and waves with a grin on her face.

Hey, Lemmy.

Our date's tomorrow!

It sure is.

Before I can nod…

Hey, Hiroyuki! I got something interesting to tell you!

She pulls my arm.

I say…

A. What is it?

B. Save it for tomorrow.

What is it?

Do you know what country tempura came from?

Tempura? It's obviously from Japan.

As far as I know, tempura is one of the signature foods of Japan.

Oh woe is you, Hiroyuki. Tempura's origins don't lie in Japan.

Lemmy says, speaking in a self-assured tone.

No way, that's news to me.

Okay, so tempura originates from the Portuguese word 'temporas' or 'tempero' and the cooking style was brought over to Japan during the 16th century by Portuguese Jesuits.

Huh? And those other words just happened to turn into 'tempura'? Isn't that a bit too convenient?

Someone named Santo Kyoden called it 'tempura' and that's how it got its name.

Who's that?

A writer.

I don't know him.

I don't know him either.

Where'd you hear that from?

I read it in a book.

For argument's sake, let's assume that's all true. I don't see the advantage of finding out that tempura isn't a Japanese food.

There are advantages.

Like what?

While I'm eating tempura I can think to myself that what I'm eating isn't actually a Japanese food.

…Is that a good thing?

Yup.

You doofus. It's not good at all.

And it's fun to tell others that little bit of trivia.

There's no fun in that.

Oh, and you know what? Sushi isn't from Japan either.

Yeah, yeah, okay. I don't care what country sushi is from.

And, and…

Lemmy makes me listen to a bunch of useless facts about the roots of Japanese culture. I feel like a ragdoll getting thrown around.

I'm sure Lemmy is just looking for someone to talk to.

…Since she seems to have so much fun sharing her facts.

Sorry, Lemmy. Can we save it for tomorrow?

Tempura is…

She cuts herself off.

Hm? What did you say?

It was nothing.

Lemmy shakes her head.

Are you in a rush, Hiroyuki?

Huh? O-Oh, uh, yeah.

Don't worry about me then. Hurry up and get going.

S-Sure… See you.

See you.

I run off.

Hi, Hiroyuki!

Lemmy sees me and waves.

Hey, Lemmy.

Pop quiz!

Lemmy calls out to me the moment she sees my face.

A. What is it?

B. Sorry, could you save it for next time?

What is it?

Do you know what country tempura came from?

Tempura? It's obviously from Japan.

As far as I know, tempura is one of the signature foods of Japan.

Oh woe is you, Hiroyuki. Tempura's origins don't lie in Japan.

Lemmy says, speaking in a self-assured tone.

…That's news to me.

Okay, so tempura originates from the Portuguese word 'temporas' or 'tempero' and the cooking style was brought over to Japan during the 16th century by Portuguese Jesuits.

And those other words just happened to turn into 'tempura'? Isn't that a bit too convenient?

Someone named Santo Kyoden called it 'tempura' and that's how it got its name.

Who's that?

A writer.

Don't know him.

Me neither.

She's not really owning this story.

Where'd you hear that from?

I read it in a book.

For argument's sake, let's assume that's all true. I don't see the advantage of finding out that tempura isn't a Japanese food.

There are advantages.

Like what?

While I'm eating tempura I can think to myself that what I'm eating isn't actually a Japanese food.

…Is that a good thing?

Yup.

It's not good at all.

And it's fun to tell others that little bit of trivia.

No, it's not.

Oh, and you know what? Sushi isn't from Japan either.

Yeah, yeah, okay. I don't care what country sushi is from.

And, and…

Lemmy makes me listen to a bunch of useless facts about the roots of Japanese culture. I don't know if I gain anything from this conversation or not.

I'm sure Lemmy is just looking for someone to talk to.

…Since she seems to have so much fun sharing her facts.

Sorry, Lemmy. Can we save the quiz for next time?

Tempura is…

She cuts herself off.

Hm? What did you say?

Nothing.

Lemmy shakes her head.

Are you in a rush, Hiroyuki?

Huh? O-Oh, uh, yeah.

Don't worry about me then. Hurry up and get going.

S-Sure… See you.

See you.

I wave and run off.

When I leave the school's entrance hall, I bump into Shiho.

Well if it isn't Master Fujita…

She approaches me speaking in a weird fashion.

What are you up to now?

Shiho smirks.

Fish sink, geese falter, the moon veils itself, and flowers bow…

She says.

I can't help but shrink away.

Um… What?

What's with the look? What kind of bird brain are you?.

Sh-Shut up! Your weird spell creeped me out!

Shut up. Fish sink, geese falter, the moon veils itself, and flowers bow. Try saying it yourself.

Why?

Just do it! I'll yell if you don't.

I don't know what kind of threat that is, but she threatens me anyway.

…Fine. She'll get off my back if I say it, right?

Fish sink, geese… What was it again?

Fish sink, geese falter, the moon veils itself, and flowers bow!

Fish sink, geese falter, the moon veils itself, and flowers… bow! There! I said it.

Gosh, how forward of you! You're making me blush.

Bliss suddenly sweeps over Shiho's face.

Huh?

Fish sink, geese falter, the moon veils itself, and flowers bow… It's an old-timey way of describing a beauty that humbles nature itself-my beauty.

…Are you sure you didn't just make that up yourself?

I don't know why, but she is sounding a whole lot like Lemmy.

Ahh… It was as if those words were written for me…

She speaks in a sing-song manner as she leaves.

Drunk on herself…

Moron.

I mutter in the direction Shiho prances off to as I start to walk myself.

Oh, it's Lemmy.

I spot Lemmy walking way ahead of me on the sloped path.

She is the only person I can easily recognize from far away.

…What should I do?

Maybe I'll ask her if that weird phrase Shiho taught me is real.

I decide to…

A. Chase after and call out to her.

B. Do nothing.

Shiho might have taught me nonsense so that she can make fun of me later.

I decide to approach Lemmy and ask her what the shady phrase Shiho taught me means.

Yo, Lemmy.

Huh? Oh! Hi, Hiroyuki.

Lemmy, you have a beauty that humbles nature itself-fish sink, geese falter, the moon veils itself, and flowers bow..

I say out of nowhere.

You have such a way with words, Hiroyuki.

Ooh, that makes Lemmy blush.

Looks like she understands what I said.

So then I decide to…

A. Keep flattering her.

B. Say,"I just said it for kicks."

C. Ask, "Did you understand that?"

I'm being serious. Lemmy, you are but a stunning flower in the meadow!

Really…?

She doesn't seem to mind at all.

The most beautiful in all of Japan! You maneater, you!

I don't know what comes over me, but I shower her with compliments like some weird cheerleader.

Who did I eat…?

I am just getting really into it (for some reason) when Masashi comes over.

Why'd you show up, Masashi? We were just starting to have fun.

Did someone die?

No-no one died or got eaten.

I glance over at Lemmy and notice her looking at me with a blank expression on her face.

Masashi's appearance totally kills the mood.

Has there been a murder?

I said, no!

What should I do, Hiroyuki?

Lemmy seems lost.

…Guess I gotta do what I gotta do.

That's all I had to say, Lemmy.

Oh, okay. Bye.

She waves and leaves.

…

…So no one died?

Knock it off already!

I only said that for kicks.

Really?

That phrase about the fish and stuff means, 'you're beautiful,' right? I was just testing it out on you to see if it made sense.

No, no! It means 'you're so beautiful that you shine above all others.'

Oh.

I didn't know you used such nice turns of phrases.

Well, uh… I guess I do sometimes throw in a proverb, or two.

Isn't Japanese culture so wonderful?

Yeah.

You can try out other phrases on me too, if you want.

Nah, that's enough for today.

Oh…

See you later.

Okay, bye.

…Now I know that weird line Shiho used on me is actually real.

Ergh, where did she even learn a phrase like that?

Lemmy, did you understand what I said?

Flattery'll get you nowhere, Hiroyuki.

I wasn't expecting a prize or anything from it. I just wanted to see if it made sense to you or not.

Really?

You know lots of old phrases and words, so I figured I'd try it out on you.

How one gets lifted up only to be sent crashing down…

Don't give it too much thought. You're already pretty enough without me needing to use old-timey phrases.

Thanks, Hiroyuki.

She responds with a breathtakingly gentle smile.

Maybe she realizes that I am genuinely complimenting her.

And thank you for teaching me a new phrase.

Any time. I'll see you later.

Yeah.

Lemmy and I part ways when we reach the bottom of the hill.

…That little Shiho. I thought she was taking me for a fool and teaching me nonsense, but she was telling the truth.

Now I really can't trust her.

…Nah, better not.

There's no point taking everything Shiho says seriously.

While heading to the shoe lockers, I notice Lemmy ahead of me.

I get closer and call out to her.

Hey!

Oh…Hiroyuki.

Are you on your way home?

Yup. Let's walk home together.

I say…

A. Sure.

B. Sorry, not today…

Sure.

Yay!

Walking home with Lemmy.

Our conversation is pretty fun.

Your family's pretty well off, right?

I think her father's the CEO of a pretty big commercial trading company.

I'm not sure about that, but Dad's work is going pretty well right now, so…

Do you have one of those things at home?

What thing?

A Robomaid.

Yeah, we do.

She nods as if it's commonplace.

It definitely isn't commonplace for me.

What kind of Robomaid is it?

I bet it's one of those blonde ones that look the part in an apron while holding a broom.

It's a Kurusu one from a few years ago.

That isn't the answer I am expecting.

Kurusu? You mean a Kurusugawa Electronics one? Not some blonde one?

It's not blonde. More like a sable-type shade.

…What color is sable?

Umm…

Lemmy is stumped.

I wonder if it's true what they say about women being better than men at distinguishing between differences in color.

Lemmy dumbs it down for me and explains more plainly.

She has dark brown hair.

Even I can understand that.

So she's got brown hair! Wait, is she Japanese then?

No, she's American.

Hmm. Why did you choose a Japanese-made one? I'll bet there are some really impressive American ones on the market too.

My dad said that Japanese products are good quality.

I guess electronics from other countries do have a reputation for being low quality…

…Or maybe Japanese products are just too good.

She's a really hard worker.

I'm so jealous.

Why do you want a Robomaid?

My parents are almost never home. There's no one to cook or clean, so a Robomaid would be really useful.

Okay, then I'll be your maid.

She says.

What?!

A. I like the sound of that.

B. Thanks, but no thanks.

C. I want a Robomaid.

I like the sound of that.

Great!

But I couldn't ask you to do that.

You don't have to worry about me!

I might have considered it for a second if you lived nearby, but it just wouldn't be right to have you come all the way to my place to do stuff that I should be doing myself.

But I want to help you…

She mutters in a deflated manner.

I appreciate that she wants to do something for me, but…

I don't want to be the type of guy that gets girls to do the dirty work.

Hiroyuki…

So listen up, Lemmy. I want you to scold me for being lazy whenever I whine about wanting a Robomaid, okay?

You're such a nice guy, Hiroyuki…

I don't know if I am imagining it, but Lemmy looks as though she has tears in her eyes.

I don't know if 'nice' is the right word. I just don't want to be a lazy bum.

…I'm kind of relieved.

Why?

Because I don't really have any cooking or cleaning skills.

Lemmy giggles.

You cheeky little-! What were you gonna make me eat?!

Relax. I wouldn't have put your life in danger, probably.

I wouldn't have thought she was joking if it weren't for her smile.

I-It could have been life-threatening?

We continue to have fun chatting before parting ways at the station to head back to our respective homes.

Thanks, but no thanks.

Why?

I'm a pretty picky eater. Would you be able to cook something to satisfy my sophisticated palate?

I act a little pompous to toy with her.

Hehe… I have no confidence in my cooking or cleaning abilities.

She laughs bashfully at her own shame rather than at my joke.

Now that's no good. A maid that's useless at household chores? Call the cops! We've got a scam artist here!

I'm sorry… I just wanted to help you, that's all.

I was THIS close to being fed something unimaginable.

We continue to have fun chatting before parting ways at the station to head back to our respective homes.

A human maid wouldn't be bad, but I've always wanted a Robomaid because you don't have to worry about stepping on any toes.

You might have to worry about the electricity bill, though.

So I'm out of the question…?

I might've considered it if you lived nearby.

I'd love to help you out!

Honestly, I couldn't ask a classmate to do something like that for me.

I'd do a good job cooking and cleaning…maybe…

She seems to trail off with less enthusiasm.

Why'd you say it like that?

Lemmy then beams with a second wind of energy.

Hehe, I actually don't have any confidence in my cooking or cleaning skills.

She says.

You bait-and-switcher…

I'm sorry… I just wanted to help you, that's all.

Why did you… What were you gonna feed me?

Not poison.

That should be a given!

We continue to have fun chatting before parting ways at the station to head back to our respective homes.

Sorry, but I'm a bit busy today.

…Really?

I'm really sorry.

I apologize profusely.

Okay, bye then…

Lemmy must have gotten the message and slinks away.

While I am casually walking down the hall after class, I see a blonde-haired student walking ahead of me.

I know I think this every time, but she really does stand out.

A. Chase after and call out to her.

B. Do nothing.

I walk quickly to catch up to Lemmy.

Why, hello there.

I greet Lemmy with her usual greeting.

Oh! Hello, Hiroyuki.

Lemmy turns around with a smile.

I always feel so international when I talk with Lemmy.

No practice today?

Nope.

Yeah? Let's walk home together then.

Okay!

Hey, Hiroyuki?

Lemmy speaks up as we leave through the school gate.

What is it?

Let's go somewhere.

Where?

Anywhere.

Anywhere? Are you saying you wanna go hang out somewhere?

Yup. Take me somewhere.

Okay… Is there anywhere you want to go?

Um… Somewhere that a couple would go to!

A c-couple?!

A. Shopping.

B. A hotel.

C. A pet shop.

How about we go to the shopping arcade to do some shopping? That's pretty couple-y.

I'm not gonna buy anything, though.

Yeah, that IS couple-y!

Lemmy and I head over to the shopping arcade.

Try this on, Hiroyuki!

Oh, come on. Again?

Try it on!

We arrive at the shopping arcade only for Lemmy to forget about her own clothes and look for outfits to suit me instead.

And Lemmy insists that I try the clothes on instead of just holding them against me.

I guess I don't mind her picking whatever she wants since we aren't shopping to buy anything, but girls usually browse for their own clothes…

Well?

I step out of the changing room wearing the summer jacket and cotton pants that Lemmy chose for me.

You look really cool, Hiroyuki! So handsome!

Lemmy claps and smiles.

You've been saying nothing but that.

Lemmy showers me with compliments every time she sees me.

It's not that I don't like it, but I feel like I've had enough of the praise parade.

I sure have been! Because it's all true.

So which outfit actually looked good on me?

All of them!

C'mon…

Just looking at you makes me happy.

What am I? A dress-up doll?!

Despite my grumbling, I actually love seeing the joy on Lemmy's face.

If merely trying on clothes is enough to bring a smile to her face, then I'll do it forever.

Can you try on more clothes for me to see?

Fiiiine. But only until the shops close.

The shops are closing soon, though…

Soon? There's still four hours to go…

Oh woe is me…

Hahaha, thank goodness for that.

Oh, but time's running out! Let's get going!

H-Hey, Lemmy! I gotta take these clothes off…

And so I have fun on my mini date with Lemmy.

Okay, let's go to a hotel.

…

If looks could kill…

H-Hey now, it was just a joke. A mere jest. OK?

Hiroyuki… You're a perv.

Noooo! She hates me?!

I-I'm sorry, Lemmy. I didn't mean to offend you…

…

…

How do I deal with this awkwardness?!

Ahahaha! I was just joking too. I'm a jokester, okay?

Gah! Damn you, Lemmy!

Bahahaha!

We end up choosing a safe option and walk over to the arcade.

Let's go to a pet shop.

I think it might be funny to suggest going to a hotel, but I don't want to risk tarnishing my reputation.

Yeah! I'm all in!

…I was just joking, you know?

What? We're not gonna go to a pet shop?

Well, I mean… Couples don't go to pet shops, do they?

Unless they're weird couples.

…?

You don't get it? What I'm saying is…

Ahahaha! So you were just joking!

Are you lagging?!

We end up choosing a safe option and walk over to the arcade.

I don't think I should actually chase after her…

I decide not to do anything.

Ooh, it's Lemmy.

Hi, Hiroyuki!

She notices me and smiles.

Hey.

Let's walk home together, Hiroyuki.

I respond with…

A. Sure.

B. Not today…

Sure.

I nod.

Stupendous!

Lemmy claps her hands.

…Is that a good thing?

Hiroyuki.

Lemmy says my name.

What is it?

Wait here a sec while I go get my shoes.

Sure. Don't take too long now.

Okay.

Lemmy scurries off.

Do you like quizzes?

Lemmy asks just after we leave the shoe lockers.

A quiz like where you ask quick questions?

Yes.

I mean, I don't really like or dislike them. Why do you ask?

So, like, everyone in my class is into TV quiz shows so we all come up with our own original ones.

There's a popular quiz show on TV right now. It's probably the same one I watch.

…And?

Well, I can't come up with many questions.

I see. So you want me to help you think of some questions?

Uh-huh.

What are the questions like? I may not look it, but I'm pretty nitpicky when it comes to quizzes. I'll drop down to the level of you and your classmates to think of some questions for you.

Really?

I could try. Throw a question at me.

Okay! Well…

Lemmy starts digging into her repertoire of questions.

And then…

Question one. What do you call the thing on a Buddhist altar that goes 'ding!' when you hit it? A. A Striking Bell. B. A Singing Bowl. C. A Ding-ding.

That bowl thing you hit lightly when praying, right?

It's called a…

A. Striking Bell.

B. Singing Bowl.

C. Ding-ding.

I know this one. It's called a 'striking bell.'

It's like a small version of the bell at a temple, right? A striking bell.

Wrong!

What?!

It's not like the bell at a temple!

Craaaap! (I don't know after all)

The answer is 'singing bowl.'

I've never heard of that before.

Gah, she threw a curveball at me!

Lemmy! Gimme one more chance!

Okay!

We spend the entire walk home quizzing each other.

That's easy. It's called a 'singing bowl.'

I'm pretty sure my grandma called it that when I was a kid.

Correct! Wow, Hiroyuki!

Lemmy gazes at me with a twinkling look of respect.

Of course. I could answer a question like that in my sleep.

I'm so impressed.

Ask me some more questions. I'll get them all right.

Sure! Let's see…

I end up forgetting to give Lemmy any questions as she quizzes me the entire walk home.

I answer most of the questions correctly, impressing Lemmy every single time.

The thing that goes 'ding'? It's obviously called a 'ding-ding.'

Wrong!

Guess not then…

Hiroyuki, 'ding-ding' isn't even a real word…

Sorry…

I don't know the answer and end up picking the obvious dud answer…

The answer is 'singing bowl.'

That's news to me…

Lemmy! Gimme one more chance!

Okay!

I end up forgetting to give Lemmy any questions as she quizzes me the entire walk home.

Sorry, I've got plans today.

You do…?

Lemmy seems a little disappointed.

I'm really sorry.

I apologize.

…Yeah, that's okay.

She smiles.

Bye.

See you later.

Lemmy slinks away.

Our morning classes are over, and it's time for lunch.

Masashi and I are heading to the student store in the cafeteria to buy sandwiches when…

Um, so this isn't just a club for martial arts fans, um…

The goal is to research and develop new martial arts moves as we learn.

I hear someone talking from across the hall.

I stop and look to see what's going on. A number of girls are gathered in a circle.

In the middle of the circle is a girl with short, boyish hair who is passionately rambling to them about martial arts and such.

What's going on?

Is a club looking for new members?

What's up, Hiroyuki?

Masashi stops walking and asks me.

Mm, oh, that.

The crowd?

Yeah, seems like a club's recruiting.

There's a lot to gain from learning martial arts. The greatest joy to come from it, I'd say, is the sense of growing stronger every day.

When you're training hard on a daily basis, you push your body and mind further than they've ever gone before!

The girl argues in favor of martial arts with earnest enthusiasm.

But the girls around her just seem to be amused.

They giggle and, occasionally…

Oh gosh, I can smell the sweat from here!

I hear some of them mocking her.

However, the girl with short hair keeps fervently speaking.

Since it's a club, I'd like to put aside any need for strict etiquette or stuffy ideals and just make it casual.

I think it's best to start with actually working out and learning how deep and fun martial arts can be.

The more mental aspects should be left to learn later as part of getting stronger.

Hey, so…

One of the girls speaks up.

Yes?

You're actually punching and kicking and stuff, right?

Oh, well, it is martial arts, yes.

Geez, isn't that dangerous?

Um, we do wear gloves and headgear and such when we spar, so it's not that dangerous.

So is there, like, exercising too?

What?

Are there showers we can use when we're done?

Oh, um, we don't have a club room yet, so…

Wow, then what are you supposed to do when you get sweaty?

Are there uniforms we can change into?

Do you have an advisor?

What's your budget?

Uh, um…

Questions are fired off as if from a machine gun, overwhelming the girl.

I feel kind of bad for her.

Looks like club recruitment is in full swing.

Yeah.

Ever since the orientation that introduced the various after school clubs, a number of their representatives have been giving speeches around school during breaks to try and draw in new members.

The big clubs make it flashy, and the small clubs come up with ideas to compete with them, all in an effort to find new blood.

It sounded like that was a martial arts club. Is it connected with the Karate or Judo club or what?

Well, sounded like a smaller club, so it's probably something else. And from what I'm hearing, they actually fight.

Aren't you into martial arts, Hiroyuki?

Huh? I mean, I like them alright, but I wouldn't say I love them. Why do you ask?

When I ask that, Masashi gives me a slightly annoyed look.

Don't you remember when we were in middle school and you were always trying pro wrestling moves on me?

Oh, that was just…

I shut myself up before saying any more.

I was going to say I was just screwing around with him.

B-But that short-haired girl…

I change the subject.

She's pretty into this. She's been going on and on about martial arts for a while.

Yeah, small clubs get their funding based on the number of members they have, so they're all desperate.

Doesn't seem like anyone's taking her seriously though. It's kind of sad.

Oh!

Masashi suddenly yelps.

Wh-What?

We need to hurry before they sell out!

Oh right, we were going to buy lunch.

The fight over sandwiches at the student store is a violent one.

If you want to get anything good, you have to get running as soon as the bell rings.

Man, we'd wasted a lot of time.

Let's hurry.

Masashi urges, about to take off.

I…

A. I was curious about that girl.

B. Oh yeah, they'll run out of pork cutlet sandwiches!

Lunch is important, but I'm more interested in what the girl has to say.

Sorry, Masashi, but you go on ahead and buy a pork cutlet sandwich and some sausage rolls for me.

What?

I'll pay you back later. A pork cutlet sandwich and some sausage rolls, got it? I'm counting on you.

I pat Masashi on the back, then head into the crowd.

Hey, Hiroyuki…

The girl's passionate speech is still going on.

Modern martial arts competitions don't merely come down to strength. There are rules and strategies. It's a clash of refined and highly advanced techniques.

The simple goal of defeating the opponent leads to the most complex of matches.

As she talks about the appeal of martial arts, she gets more and more heated, almost seeming to enter her own world.

We throw all martial arts under one umbrella now, but there are actually many varieties.

I think the major ones would be Judo, Karate, and boxing, but there are countless more.

Even if we limited ourselves to Japan, we could probably categorize Sumo as a martial art, and there's also Aikido, and Nippon Kempo.

There have also been many unique styles branching off from pro wrestling and boxing in recent years.

And if we look internationally, there are many more martial arts.

China has Tai Chi and Xingyi, Korea has Taekwondo, Thailand has Muay Thai, Russia has Sambo, Brazil has Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu…

If you include every minor form of martial art, there are as many as there are stars in the sky.

The world of martial arts has this many schools, but they're actually all separate, and they could never appear on the same stage. But…

A few years ago, the Vale Tudo form of martial arts in America founded the Ultimate Tournament, and that started to give attention to mixed martial arts, which removes these divisions.

That was the start of a new era for martial arts!

The girl is now completely going off on her own, with none of the crowd following her anymore.

One person leaves, then another.

Eventually, I'm the only one remaining.

And this international craze is finally hitting Japanese high schools.

It doesn't seem to be well known by the general public yet, but last year, there was what we could consider our international mixed martial arts championship, the Ext--…

Ext?

What was she about to say?

The girl stops and looks around.

Wh-What?!

Everybody left.

Huh?

She slowly looks around again before finally sighing and hanging her head low in disappointment.

Ugh…

Then, she mutters.

Nobody listened again…

…

Maybe I'm just bad at recruiting people.

The girl keeps slumping her shoulders and murmuring.

I'll never catch up with Ayaka at this rate.

…

…

…

Some time later…

Uh, um… What is it?

The girl looks up.

I was waiting for you to keep talking.

Keep talking?

You stopped in the middle of saying something right? Ext-something?

Ext… Oh, Extreme?

Yeah, that.

Oh, um, Extreme is…

She's about to continue, but stops herself for some reason.

Um, may I ask something?

What?

Were you listening to everything I just said?

Oh, well, I got here in the middle of it. I happened to be passing by and thought it sounded interesting.

Oh, you're interested?!

The girl instantly brightens up.

Do you like martial arts?!

Hmmm, well, I guess you could say that.

Really?!

She opens her eyes wide.

I mean, I don't know much about them. I just watch wrestling and stuff sometimes.

Oh, that's plenty!

What about you? Seems like you're way more into it than I am.

The girl firmly nods.

Yes! I love it!

Her slightly tomboyish smile is pure and bright.

Researching different techniques and practicing them over and over until I've perfected them gives me a joy I can't describe in words.

Those are the times when I'm most thankful that I practice martial arts.

She gazes straight at me and leans in, emphasizing each word.

It's kind of overwhelming.

So your club does actually do martial arts, right?

What?

Well, it's just that a martial arts club could either do or watch martial arts, and there's a pretty big difference between the two.

Oh, yes, right. This club does martial arts. We fight each other.

Huh…

I'd understand if it was some tough guy looking for a place to let off some steam, but this petite girl?

It's unusual to be sure.

Um, I'm sorry, what's your name?

Oh, me? I'm Hiroyuki Fujita, a junior. What's your name?

Oh, I'm…

She clears her throat and stands up straight before giving an enthusiastic introduction.

Aoi Matsubara, a freshman in Class C. I'm new here.

She bows with perfect posture.

Girls this polite are rare nowadays.

Oh, right, you wanted to know about Extreme?

Yeah.

Extreme is a national mixed martial arts championship that was first held last year.

A national championship?

Last year's matches were even broadcast on TV, and now they've been released on video. Have you heard of it?

No, never.

Hmm, it's pretty big in the martial arts scene, but maybe most people don't know about it yet.

So what kind of martial arts tournament is it?

What?

Aoi looks puzzled.

I mean what style of martial arts do they fight with at Extreme?

Oh, I'm sorry, that's important. I forgot to explain that part.

Aoi clears her throat.

Extreme is for mixed martial arts.

Mixed martial arts?

Yes, anything goes. Strikes, throws, joint locks, anything.

Ohhh…

These are the general rules.

Each match lasts up to five minutes.

Competitors must wear the urethane knuckles and leg guards which are provided by the tournament.

A KO or TKO is a loss.

No using your elbows or forehead.

No striking the opponent's face with your knees.

No striking the opponent when they're down.

No attacking the opponent's eyes or any similar moves that could endanger the opponent.

And the referee won't call any breaks unless one fighter has the other pinned down.

Keeping the danger to a minimum while calling on all varieties of techniques is what Extreme is about!

Ooh!

In that moment, flames almost seem to ignite and blaze behind Aoi.

So are you part of any clubs?

Aoi's question is abrupt.

What? No, not really.

I answer honestly.

And then…

Really?

Aoi's face brightens even further.

Th-Then if you're interested…

She takes a step closer.

Would you like to join this club and learn martial arts with me?!

Her eyes shine.

M-Martial arts? Me?

Yes!

She nods.

I'm trying to start a new club with the goal of participating in Extreme.

But I don't have enough members to get the school's approval yet. That's why I've been looking for people interested in martial arts!

H-Hold on a sec! I've never done any real martial arts.

That's fine. I can teach you the basics, if you'd like. I've actually been practicing at a karate dojo since I was little.

That's not the problem.

I mutter.

Um, you're the first person who actually listened to me. I…

I-I was just kind of curious.

I awkwardly smile.

You seem really interested in martial arts yourself. It'd be great to have you in the club.

Oh man…

I dunno, this is pretty sudden.

We can just have fun with it starting off. Just come to one of our practice sessions.

Aoi's desperate.

We can't use a club room or the gym yet, but we practice at the shrine behind the school after class every day except Monday and Wednesday.

There?

You can just observe at first. Please!

Aoi bows deeply.

Even after all this begging, though…

I can tell she cares a lot, but there's no way I can do martial arts.

And trying to take this club to a national championship sounded insanely ambitious.

Everyone else in the club must be hardcore too.

How should I respond?

A. Well, I'll at least observe.

B. Maybe if I feel like it.

C. Sorry, but I can't.

Well, I'll at least observe.

You will?!

Y-Yeah.

I nod.

Really?! Thank you! I'll be waiting!

Aoi smiles.

I'm admittedly a little curious, and observing isn't that much to commit to.

It's not like I have anything better to do.

Maybe if I feel like it.

I answer.

It would've been irresponsible to promise I'd go when I'm not that interested.

It really does come down to whether I'll feel like going or not.

Please do. I'll be waiting.

Aoi looks straight at me.

Sorry, but I just can't do martial arts.

I answer honestly.

Joining as a half-interested amateur will just get me hurt.

It's best to be clear with her.

Beating around the bush isn't my style.

I-I see.

Sorry.

No, I'm sorry. I was asking too much of you.

So she says, but I can see her disappointment.

But if you ever change your mind, feel free to come by.

She smiles.

Oh yeah, they're going to run out of pork cutlet sandwiches!

I forgot what was really important.

I chase after Masashi.

But it's too late.

Students are gathered around the sandwich counter, and the pork cutlet sandwiches are already sold out.

My second choice, the sausage rolls, are gone too.

You're a little late.

Dammit!

What can you do? We'll buy what's left when the crowd dies down.

Like there's gonna be anything good left…

Left with no other choice, we wait to the side of the cafeteria until the wall of people thins out.

I wait around bored until…

Hi, Hiroyuki!

A cheerful voice calls to me.

Hiroyuki, you're not eating lunch?

Hey, Lemmy. I got here late today, so I just have to wait to get whatever's left for me.

The last stuff left is never much good. Let's eat the set lunch together.

You mean the school lunch? Well, I guess that could be alright sometimes.

We've been having nothing but sandwiches for a while.

Masashi and I nod.

Alright, Lemmy, want to eat lunch together?

Okay!

Now, what to eat? Masashi, what are you getting?

A Lunch.

Masashi picks today's "A Lunch."

It's chicken katsu and salad.

Oh, good pick. I'll go for that too.

Masashi and I buy tickets for the A Lunch.

And you, Lemmy?

I'm getting this!

She pushes the button for tempura udon.

She's ordering a large serving too.

Tempura udon, of all things? And you're American?

So what? I love udon.

I guess some people would like udon, but…

It's not weird at all.

We sit at an open table and pick up our chopsticks.

Now, let's eat!

We dig in.

After taking a first bite, Lemmy suddenly grabs a pepper shaker.

She starts sprinkling it on her udon.

H-Hey, Lemmy, pepper doesn't go on udon!

It's fine, I like it!

Doesn't matter. As a Japanese person, I can't just let you…

However, even as I speak, Lemmy's strange behavior continues.

Next, she grabs a bottle of okonomiyaki sauce and pours that on the tempura.

Aaaah…

Even Masashi is wide-eyed.

Look, you can't do that.

Aww, but it tastes good.

Seriously? The sauce is gonna mix with the udon broth.

Bon appetit!

However, Lemmy ignores us and starts chowing down on her creation.

Watching her enjoying it makes me feel silly for fretting over food like this.

Is it actually good?

…

Maybe I'll try it sometime.

It'd give me something to talk about.

I'm wandering around the shopping arcade in the afternoon when I see a familiar face outside the bookstore.

It's Aoi.

I approach her to talk.

Hey, Aoi!

Oh, Fujita.

What are you doing here? Don't you go to the dojo on Sundays?

The dojo's closed today. I was looking for a book I wanted at the bookstore.

A book? Is it about martial arts?

Oh, how did you know?

Just a hunch.

I can't help but smile.

So did you find the book?

No, this store didn't get many copies, so I ordered it.

Huh. What's the book?

The Science of the Strongest Martial Arts.

Interesting.

I can imagine what the book is about from the title.

And why are you here?

Me? No real reason. I was just wandering around to kill time.

On a nice day like this, I can see why you wouldn't want to waste time sitting around in your room.

I guess so.

Now that she mentions it, maybe that was why I'm out.

What are you gonna do now?

I figured I might as well practice at the usual spot.

Behind the school?

Yes.

When she says that, I notice the familiar sports bag on her shoulder.

Her towel and gym clothes are probably in there.

You never skip a day, huh? How admirable.

I just do it because I enjoy it. It's not that impressive.

Aoi blushes.

It's rare to run into Aoi in a place like this.

Maybe I should join her for practice.

A. Join her.

B. Don't join her.

Hey, Aoi.

Yes?

Mind if I train with you?

What?

Listening to you really made me want to get some exercise myself. But would I be getting in your way?

No, not at all. Of course you can come.

Really? Then I will, but I can't really go dressed like this. I'll go home and change into my gym clothes first. I live nearby anyway.

Then I'll go with you.

Really? Thanks.

I return home with Aoi in tow.

This is your house?

Yeah, I live here alone at the moment.

Oh, really?

My parents are hardly ever at home because of work.

I take off my shoes and enter the house.

Want to come up to my room?

What?

We've got the place to ourselves, y'know?

I grin.

F-Fujita…

Nahaha, just messing with you. Give me a sec.

I go upstairs and grab my gym clothes.

Done. Now let's go.

Okay.

Whew…

I don't know if it's the strong sunlight or what, but it's a bit hot.

The wind makes it bearable when I'm in the shade, but it's starting to feel a little like summer.

Fujita, I'm going to go change over there.

Alright.

Aoi carries her bag to the other side of the shrine.

Then, I change into my gym clothes too.

Once I put my shoes back on, I'm ready to go.

Now there's just…

I drag a sandbag out from under the side of the shrine.

There we go!

I throw it over my shoulder.

I hang the sandbag on a tree and…

Mgggh…

Oh, I'll help.

I'm fine… There!

*clunk*

Whew.

Now we're ready.

It's kind of hot today.

For real. And it's only April.

Maybe this summer's going to be a hotter one.

Yeah.

The wind blows and the trees rustle.

The dry breeze feels nice on my cheeks.

Speaking of summer, does this martial arts club do a camp or anything?

A camp?

Yeah, like a training camp for the summer. Most clubs do one.

Right. I'd love to, but we're still the only members, so…

Oh yeah. I guess lodging together by ourselves wouldn't be good.

N-No, I guess not.

Aoi sheepishly looks down.

Yeah, we'd need a few more members. Then it wouldn't be an issue.

Right.

Hmmm, a few more members? Hopefully we can get some before summer.

…

Maybe we need to do some more aggressive PR work. Really push the club.

But…

Hm?

I'm sure it'd be fun to have more members, but I like it just being us too.

What? At a training camp?

Oh, no, I'm talking about the club itself.

Oh, I see. You surprised me for a second there.

Hm?

I thought you were saying you wanted us to do a training camp by ourselves.

What?

I was like, man, that's bold, Aoi.

Th-That's not what I meant.

Nahaha.

…

Alright, then let's start training. What should we do first?

Um, we'll begin with the usual bodyweight exercises.

Okay.

One, two, three, four…

One, two, three, four…

I copy Aoi's movements.

One, two, three, four…

One, two, three, four…

These calisthenics workouts can be exhausting depending on how hard you go.

It's enough to get me sweaty already.

Whew…

Ugh…

Next, let's rest our muscles and do some stretches.

Gotcha.

Oh, and while we're at it…

Hm?

…

What?

Oh, never mind.

What the hell? Now I'm curious.

It's really nothing.

Then why not just tell me?

Um, I figured that since I have a partner, we could do some partner stretches.

Oh, sounds good. Let's do it.

But then I realized it'd be a bit embarrassing.

Why?

…

What's embarrassing?

Well, I suppose we can do it.

Okay!

Then I'll start by…

Three minutes later…

I think you've gotten more flexible than you were when we started.

Seems like it.

I move my head and shoulders as I nod.

Stretches don't just increase the range of movement for your muscles. They also help prevent injuries.

Huh.

The basic idea is to breathe calmly as you slowly stretch your muscles.

Got it. Now let's switch places.

Okay.

I take the supporting role next.

The stretch involves sitting with one leg crossed and leaning the upper body to stretch the side muscles.

I hold Aoi's knees in place to keep her butt from rising up off the ground.

Now I needed to stretch her upper body to the side without her slanting forward.

Mm…

Is this enough?

I-I could go a little further.

Yeah? In that case…

I push further.

Mmm…

Is this good?

Y-Yes.

Aoi nods.

With her body still bent, she takes several deep breaths.

Do your muscles tend to get stiff?

Y-Yes.

Huh, that's kind of surprising. You can kick so high and stuff that I thought you were flexible.

I-It took a lot of practice to be able to do that.

Oh, yeah?

I guess that's also the result of hard work.

Striving to be able to do what you couldn't do before, huh?

That consistent effort is important.

Okay, the other side now.

Whew…

I lift her back up, and then push her to the other side.

When that's done, I push her back in the other direction again.

Um, can you push me a little farther than last time?

Okay!

I do as she asks.

I push her down a little farther.

Mm…

And then farther still.

Mmm…

Anyway…

I never think much about this during regular practice, but seeing her from this perspective, Aoi's pretty small.

She's hardly suited to martial arts.

But she's still determined to do it.

And she makes it work because she loves it.

There's nothing she cares about more.

I don't know if she just has a knack for it or whatever, but she loves it so much that she put everything into it. Eventually that'll have to make her stronger.

Yeah.

Aoi's definitely going to get stronger.

Mm, mmmm…

I continue stretching her out.

F-Fujita.

Yeah?

I-It hurts a bit.

Oh, sorry.

I panic and loosen my hold on her.

Now, today let's study some grabs we can use when grappling our opponents.

Alright.

Most of my experience is with strikes, so I'm not good with grabs.

Okay.

Aoi starts off with karate.

I'm pretty much a novice, especially when it comes to pinning techniques. I only recently started learning the basics, but there's a lot to know, so it's not something you can learn overnight.

Before we enter Extreme, I want to focus on how to handle grabs and how to escape from pinning techniques.

Then you're basically all about striking techniques?

Yes. So, first I need to learn about my opponents.

Makes sense.

So, now I'd like to try some joint locks and pinning techniques on you.

On me?

Yes. They'll be novice techniques, but I think I can get them down fairly well.

I see.

And I want you to try and fight me off. I'd like to learn how to distance myself too.

Got it.

And so, our training session begins.

She gets me in joint locks and pins me down a few times.

I learn just how grabs can be useful in martial arts.

And if strikes are added to this…

Martial arts have a lot of depth.

But still…

Ugh, my joints…

Fujita, are you okay?

W-Well, this isn't too bad. I'd have to expect as much in a real fight.

I'm sorry.

Hey, I'm learning a lot. What do you have to apologize for? That's weird.

…

I got beat pretty bad today, but you won't get me so easily next time. I've picked up on a lot.

Fujita…

When someone tries to grab you, it gives you the perfect chance to strike back. It's an opportunity.

Yes, that's right!

Heheh, alright, then until next time.

Yes, I'm looking forward to it.

It was a day of nothing but martial arts, but the time spent with Aoi feels fulfilling.

I'll pass and do it some other time.

I'm still not as into fighting as Aoi anyway.

Besides, it's Sunday.

I want to relax.

Then good luck with practice.

I tell her.

Thanks.

Aoi nods enthusiastically.

See you for practice after school.

Yeah.

Goodbye.

Aoi bows and walks toward school.

After I buy dinner at a convenience store, I lay down in bed and flip through the martial arts book Aoi lent me.

If I'm going to be in her club, I have to learn a little about martial arts.

The book is split into two major sections.

One part provides a simple description of the current martial arts scene, while the other describes different techniques with photos and illustrations as examples.

Mhm, mhm…

So, it's important to start with the basics.

It says the same thing Aoi did.

'Consistency is what gets results. You have to put the work in every day.'

Well, can't argue with that.

I can just look at Aoi to see how true that is.

I think I'll check out a page on attacks used in actual fights.

Uh, let's see here…

Hooks in boxing…

I'm focused on the book for a while until…

*ding-dong*

Hm?

Someone is at my door.

A visitor?

Who could it be at this hour?

I look at the clock as it strikes eight.

Akari?

Couldn't be.

She's sick.

I set the book down on my bed and get up.

Then, I leave my room.

When I go downstairs and look out at the front door, a familiar girl is there.

It's not Akari, of course.

Uh, wait, why?

The girl bows.

Akari?

But what would Akari want?

I set the book down on my bed and get up.

Then, I leave my room.

When I go downstairs and look out at the front door, a familiar girl is there.

It's not Akari.

Uh, wait, why?

The girl bows.

G-Good evening.

It's Aoi.

She's standing there in casual wear.

Her face is a bit red.

What brings you here so late?

Oh, s-sorry. Um, I really needed to talk to you about something, so, uh…

She's trembling a bit like she's nervous..

You need to talk to me?

Yes, um, am I bothering you by visiting so late?

No, it's perfectly fine. But is it that urgent?

Y-Yes, I'd say so.

Aoi nods.

What the hell could it be?

Anyway, come on in.

Oh, no, I'm fine here.

Here?

I'm a guy who's living on his own…

I guess I can understand why she'd have reservations about coming in.

Then let's go somewhere outside.

Okay.

I put on my shoes and leave with Aoi.

We walk for five minutes before reaching the park.

When I was little, I played at this park with Akari and Masashi all the time.

I'd gotten so familiar with it that it started to feel like my own backyard at some point.

Aoi and I enter the park.

I was surprised to see you there. You could've just called me if you wanted to talk.

I'm sorry, but I wanted to talk to you in person.

I see. So, what'd you want to talk about?

Well…

She answers with only that before going silent.

Aoi?

Oh, yes?

What's wrong? Is it hard to talk about?

No.

Then say it.

Okay…

Aoi thinks for a bit before finding her determination and raising her head.

Um, Fujita…

She stares at me.

Hm?

I have a question, and I wanted to get a clear answer from you. That's why I came..

A question?

Yes.

Aoi nods.

It might be hard to answer, but you can be honest with me.

…

What could it be?

She has a grave look on her face.

Is it a complicated question?

No.

Aoi shakes her head.

Then alright, I'll answer honestly. Promise.

Thank you.

So what's the question?

…

There's a brief pause.

Aoi works up the courage to speak.

Fujita…

Yeah?

So you're still only trying out the martial arts club, right? You haven't officially joined?

Well, yeah.

So I wanted to ask…

She gazes at me.

Could you keep coming to the club?

What?

Would you like to officially join the club and keep practicing martial arts with me?

That's what you wanted to ask?

I want a direct answer.

I can see that her shoulders were quivering.

…

After a moment, I give her a little smile.

What's the point of asking this now? I…

But I stop myself there.

Aoi couldn't look any more sincere if she tried.

Her earnest eyes are slightly wet with tears.

…

She told me to be honest.

She wanted a real answer.

I don't know why, but I get the feeling that I have to take this seriously.

I feel that this answer will mean a lot to both of us.

It needs to be thoughtful and decisive.

That's what she's waiting for.

Am I interested in joining the club officially?

Do I want to keep practicing with her for the rest of high school?

I'm not sure.

Honestly, maybe I'm still approaching it somewhat casually.

But can I promise to keep this up?

Am I confident that I can work with Aoi and take this seriously?

After thinking for a while, I answer.

A. Honestly, I'm not sure.

B. I'll keep going.

If you're asking if I can keep this up for the rest of high school, I'm honestly not sure that I can.

…

If you really want to know what I think, I guess that's it.

I see.

Now I think I felt the same way as Sakashita at first.

As Yoshie?

Yeah. I underestimated Extreme. I just thought mixed martial arts would be like a game.

…

When I checked out the club, I wasn't thinking about it much. I got to have fun with you and get some exercise, but that was all I thought about.

…

I probably would've said no to karate or judo clubs too, knowing I couldn't handle them. Even I know those aren't just for fun.

…

But when I saw how hard you worked every day, I realized I made a terrible mistake.

The passion you were putting into practicing for Extreme was far more serious than I expected.

I think back to all the times I saw Aoi dead tired after practice.

I'm having fun with you for now, and that's good enough. But if you want to know if I can keep this up, I'm not so sure.

…

Aoi listens to me in silence.

I mean, an amateur like me can't just enter Extreme to have fun. I'm not committed enough. I'd need to want it more and work harder.

…

But sorry, I just don't have the same passion for martial arts that you do.

…

So all I can tell you is that I'm not sure.

Aoi looks down.

Right, that makes sense.

She mutters.

The dark park is dead quiet.

A somber silence passes over us.

Eventually, Aoi breaks the silence.

I'm not so sure either, actually.

She smiles.

Can I keep doing this forever? Should I listen to Yoshie and go back to practicing karate? Those kinds of questions always swirl in my brain.

You too, Aoi?

Yes. Lately, I've been thinking about the main reason I started this club.

The main reason?

Yes.

She nods.

There's someone I was always looking up to as a role model.

Right, you mentioned that before.

Yes.

There was an older girl she had admired since elementary school, as I recall.

I switched from karate over to Extreme to copy her.

People questioned her decision too, but she ended up winning last year's championship. Isn't that amazing?

Sounds like it.

I heard the same story when she was talking to Sakashita before.

I wanted so badly to reach her level and stand on the same stage as her that I started this club.

She's at the end of this road, and the harder I work, the closer to her I get. That's what's been motivating me.

…

But when I really think about it, I've been pretty selfish. I'm using a school club entirely for personal reasons.

What's the problem with that? Most people start things for personal reasons.

Fujita…

Aoi smiles in a way that's hard to read.

When I started high school, I just wanted to start working toward Extreme and didn't think too hard before acting on that, so I started this club.

…

But nobody else is going to put up with what I wanted from it, so I'm far from getting enough members.

…

You're the only one who supported me. I was doing all this for myself, and you still supported me. I've always appreciated that.

Aoi…

But no…

I'm not doing anything great.

At first I was just sort of curious about this weird girl.

But eventually…

Fujita, let me thank you.

What?

Thank you so much! And I'm so sorry.

…

I made it this far because you…

Aoi stops there.

Because you…

She starts shedding tears.

Aoi hastily looked down, and after a while she raised her face again.

The same cheery smile as usual is there.

And then…

I'm sorry for bothering you out of nowhere. I'll be going now.

Aoi bows deeply.

Aoi…

Now I'm determined.

Determined?

Yes.

Determined to do what?

I'm about to ask, but…

Goodbye now.

Oh…

Aoi turns away and returns to the station.

Something prevents me from stopping her.

I'll keep going.

I say, speaking in a clear voice.

As long as we do it together, Aoi.

As long as we're together?

I nod.

One reason I joined the club was just because I like martial arts, sure, but that wasn't the main reason. It was really because…

I look straight at Aoi.

…Because you were there.

Me?

Yeah.

I pat Aoi on the shoulder.

I want to train with you. I want to help you more. That's why I go to the martial arts club.

Fujita…

And as long as you don't stop, I plan to keep going. I promise.

F-Fujita…

Aoi tenses up, and then…

Ngh…

She wipes her wet eyes with the backs of her hands.

When she next looks up at me, the uncertainty seems to leave her. She looks refreshed.

Thank you, Fujita.

Uh, for what?

Oh, I just wanted to thank you.

What the hell?

But she doesn't elaborate further. With a cool look…

Fujita. So actually, Yoshie―Sakashita, rather, called me and said the day of the match has officially been set.

She relays that important information.

What? I see, so it's finally here?

Yes.

So that's what you came to tell me?

Hm? Oh, yes.

She stammers when she answers for some reason.

What was that about?

Well, whatever.

So when's the match?

It's…

Aoi looks a bit concerned.

It's tomorrow.

T-Tomorrow?!

Yes.

She nods.

Th-That's pretty sudden.

Sakashita is always so busy that it was hard to agree on a time, but tomorrow she happens to have an after school club in the afternoon and she's free in the morning, so…

So accepted that time?

Yes, and I said of course I could do it.

Figures…

Aoi doesn't seem like the type to ask for more time.

What time tomorrow?

10:00 AM

Where?

The usual shrine.

There?

We'll be using Extreme's rules. Sakashita agreed to it.

So wear gloves and you can target the face?

Yes.

Sounds good. You can hit her with everything you've got then.

I suppose so.

It's all very abrupt, but so be it.

I know Aoi did what she could.

So, about tomorrow…

Hm?

If you don't mind…

Of course I'll go.

Really?!

Obviously. I just said I'm joining the club for real now, right?

R-Right.

She nods happily.

It'll be reassuring to have you around. Maybe I'll be able to fight without getting nervous like I usually do.

Like you usually do?

Oh…

Aoi shuts herself up.

What? Do you get nervous during matches?

…

Aoi doesn't seem to want to answer, but eventually she gives in.

Yes.

She barely nods.

I've actually always had terrible anxiety. I get all tense during matches and can't move right. Fights never go the way I want them to because of that.

I see.

This is the first I'm hearing of this.

But with how seriously Aoi takes all this, I believe it.

But if you'll be there, I'll probably be fine.

Why?

Well, um, it's hard for me to say why, but…

Hm?

But I kinda feel braver with you around, eheheh…

A-Aoi…

Mmmm…

That's such a cute thing to say.

Got it, then I promise I'll be there on time tomorrow.

I put my hands on Aoi's shoulders.

If that's enough to help you, then it'd be my pleasure.

Fujita…

Now, go home and get some rest for tomorrow.

Okay.

No staying up late, alright?

Okay.

Dry off right after your bath so you don't catch a chill and get sick.

Okay.

And don't forget to dry your hair.

Okay.

Brush your teeth before you go to bed.

Okay.

And use the bathroom too!

Okay!

Remember to set your alarm!

Okay!

And don't forget to say good night!

Okay!

Alright! Do your best tomorrow!

Okay!

Sustaining that illogical vigor, I see Aoi off.

April 29th, Showa Day.

Aoi and Sakashita.

The day of their match has finally come.

It's a brisk morning.

There's blue sky as far as the eye can see.

The wind is just a bit cold.

The time is 9:54 am.

Six minutes from the time they agreed on.

Sakashita and Aoi.

They once trained at the same dojo.

They're going to fight with all their strength to knock each other out.

One is fighting to defend karate's pride, and the other seeks to carve out a new future for herself.

How very dramatic.

I'm personally supporting Aoi, of course, but as a martial arts fan, I also just want to see the match.

Aoi started practicing two hours ago, so she's already perfectly warmed up.

Even now she's still enthusiastically doing bodyweight exercises to keep herself from cooling off.

But Sakashita has yet to show up.

Five more minutes…

I check the time as I mutter.

Already?

I was just talking to myself, but Aoi seems to hear it.

She stops exercising and takes a break.

How do you feel?

Good. In top form, even.

Think you can win?

Yes.

Aoi nods, but she seems to be getting tense.

She mentioned her anxiety issues last night, and it looked like she wasn't lying.

She keeps taking deep breaths to try and calm herself, but it doesn't seem to be working.

You've done all you can. Don't worry about whether you win. Just try to make it a fight you won't regret.

I try to help take a load off her shoulders by calming her nerves.

It's just a practice match. Treat Sakashita like a sparring partner and have at her.

…Okay.

If you worry too much, you won't be able to use all the skills you've been developing.

Okay.

Now c'mon, relax.

R-Right…

She answers, but she still looks nervous.

With a bitter smile, I scratch my head.

I guess just telling someone not to be anxious doesn't help.

But I can at least keep her mind off things.

I'll try changing the subject to lighten things up.

That'll probably help her relax a little.

Anyway, nice weather today. Perfect day to spend outdoors.

It really is.

It'd be nice to just chill and spend time at the beach on a day like this.

But it's only April.

It's not like you have to go in the ocean, just listen to the waves and sunbathe. The beaches are gonna be empty right now, and it has a different feel than visiting them in the summer.

Really?

Did you know that the UV rays are strongest at this time of year? One day at the beach, and you'll be all tan the next day.

Wow.

How about we go before summer starts? Could be nice, right?

Okay.

Aoi nods enthusiastically.

The tension seems to have eased up a tiny bit.

Alright, maybe that went well.

Now we just have to keep this going for the match.

But man, Sakashita's taking a while. She's not gonna be late, is she?

I check the time again.

She's usually right on time.

She's only got three minutes left. Isn't she gonna have to warm up too?

Yeah.

She should really be arriving right about now.

Yeah…

Coming late to a showdown? That's just like Musashi―

Wait, could it be?!

That's when it hits me.

I have a hunch that I know what Sakashita is up to.

I see, I've got it!

What?

So that's the idea…

What is?

Damn you, Sakashita, you're coming late on purpose, aren't you?!

Uh, on purpose? Why?

You know about the famous fight between Musashi Miyamoto and Kojirou Sasaki on Ganryujima?

Ganryujima?

Do you know it?

Yes, a little. What about it?

The story goes that Musashi came late to that fight and made Kojirou wait.

Right, everyone knows that part.

And, apparently, coming late was part of Musashi's plan.

His plan was to be late?

Yeah, he came late to annoy Kojirou and make him lose his composure.

I see.

Not only that, but he used a wooden sword to surprise Kojirou, told him that he'd already lost to shake him up when he tossed his scabbard aside at the start of the fight…

He found ways to get the psychological advantage, and then he fought with the sun to his back to blind Kojirou, and he won.

That's kind of cheating.

Cheating? Yes, maybe it is. But it's a strategy.

Strategy…

Indeed. You don't want to take on fights you won't win, so use everything you have at your disposal. That's how Musashi Miyamoto never lost a fight in his life.

Um, so basically…

That's right. Sakashita is using Musashi Miyamoto's tactics.

Good morning, Aoi.

Oh, Yoshie.

…

Looks like you're ready.

…

…

What? Something wrong?

…

…

I see. Don't feel like you need to greet your opponent, do you?

Oh, n-not at all. Good morning.

Aoi frantically bows.

Fujita, what happened to using Musashi's strategy?

Uh, well…

I blush and clear my throat, avoiding the question.

It's precisely 10 am.

She comes right on time, just like Aoi said she would.

Anyway…

Sakashita looks up at the sky.

The weather's gotten nice. Doing this outside was the right idea.

She puts down her sports bag and stretches out her joints.

I was planning to come sooner, but I ended up taking a detour on the way here.

A detour?

Yes.

She giggles mischievously.

I went to her house to pick her up.

Sakashita points behind her. We look to see who it is.

It's…

Hi there! It's been so long, Aoi!

What?!

Aoi cries out in shock.

Hiya! You been well?

A-Ayaka?!

Uh, Ayaka?

As in THE Ayaka that Aoi looks up to?

Last year's Girls Extreme Champ.

This is her?

I was imagining someone tougher, but…

She doesn't look as strong as Sakashita.

I hear you've batted away Yoshie's advances and are trying to make an Extreme martial arts club?

Oh, y-yes…

Aoi nods emphatically.

Huh, you're more decisive than I gave you credit for. I didn't think you were so audacious.

…

Anyway, unlike Yoshie, I'll support you. I just know that hitting the mat with an underclassman who used to train with me will lead to an exciting match.

R-Right!

But I can't be sitting on my laurels knowing that you'll be competing in the same tournament as me.

G-Gosh, I'm really not that…

I just know you'll be in the running for the top spot, even in an Extreme Tournament. I know talent when I see it.

Ayaka says with a grin.

She's kind of different from how I imagined her.

I had a full picture, a real typical one in mind.

Soft and wavy black hair with perfect facial proportions.

Simply put-your typical belle.

She actually seems to have a pretty decent figure.

SHE'S the girl's champ?

Seriously?

Hm?

Oh, wait…

I feel like I recognize her from somewhere… Or maybe not?

Am I just imagining it?

Hiya! You been well?

A-Ayaka?!

Oh.

I recognize her.

It's Kurusugawa's little sister. I met her briefly at the school gates before.

It has to be her.

But Aoi just calls her "Ayaka."

Ayaka's the girl that Aoi looked up to, if I remember correctly.

So it was Kurusugawa's little sister all along, huh?

Last year's Girls Extreme Champ.

Ayaka…Kurusugawa.

I hear you've batted away Yoshie's advances and are trying to make an Extreme martial arts club?

Oh, um, yes.

Aoi nods emphatically.

Huh, you're more decisive than I gave you credit for. I didn't think you were so audacious.

…

Anyway, unlike Yoshie, I'll support you. I just know that hitting the mat with an underclassman who used to train with me will lead to an exciting match.

R-Right!

But I can't be sitting on my laurels knowing that you'll be competing in the same tournament as me.

G-Gosh, I'm really not that…

I just know you'll be in the running for the top spot, even in an Extreme Tournament. I know talent when I see it.

Ayaka says with a grin.

Oh? Are you the guy I saw with my sister?

Hey, been a while.

Why are you here?

I'm Aoi's cornerman and cheer squad.

What?

You two know each other?

Sakashita asks curiously.

Kinda.

We've just talked a little.

You and Ayaka know each other?

I'm actually closer to her sister than her.

You know that my sister goes to the same school as you guys, right?

Yes.

We had a quick chat when I went to pick her up the other day.

Really?

So why are you her cornerman?

Well, I'm part of this club too.

A part of the club? Aoi's one?

Yes, he's the club's first official member. It's still just him and me, though…

Huh, really?

Uh-huh.

Hmm…

Ayaka appears to think for a moment.

You're always out on the hunt, huh?

She says with a grin.

What do you mean by that?

Aw, quit acting dumb. So, who are you really after?

What?

Hehehe. I guess now's not the time to ask those questions. Be sure to fill me in later.

…

They're definitely sisters.

She looks so much like Kurusugawa.

Soft and wavy black hair with perfect facial proportions.

Simply put-your typical belle.

Her body's pretty nice too.

SHE'S the girl's champ?

Is she actually strong?

Knowing her sister, it's pretty hard to picture.

Hiya! You been well?

Oh, Ayaka?!

Ayaka?

As in THE Ayaka that Aoi looks up to?

Last year's Girls Extreme Champ.

Oh…

And I definitely recognized her.

She's the girl from Terajo Academy I came across when I rescued that cat at the park.

The weirdo who gave me a half-eaten ice cream.

I hear you've batted away Yoshie's advances and are trying to make an Extreme martial arts club?

Oh, um, yes.

Aoi nods emphatically.

Huh, you're more decisive than I gave you credit for. I didn't think you were so audacious.

…

Anyway, unlike Yoshie, I'll support you. I just know that hitting the mat with an underclassman who used to train with me will lead to an exciting match.

R-Right!

But I can't be sitting on my laurels knowing that you'll be competing in the same tournament as me.

G-Gosh, I'm really not that…

I just know you'll be in the running for the top spot, even in an Extreme Tournament. I know talent when I see it.

Ayaka says with a grin.

Hm? Hey, boy-o over there. Haven't I seen you somewhere before?

You have.

…Uh, where do I know you from again?

The cat rescue at the park. You used me as a step-stool, remember?

She appears to remember the incident and her face lights up.

Ohh! The guy who peeped up my skirt.

THAT'S how you remember me?

But it sure is a coincidence seeing you here.

For sure.

You two know each other?

Sakashita asks curiously.

Kinda.

You and Ayaka know each other?

Barely. It was a brief meeting over something silly.

Come to think of it, what are you doing here?

I'm Aoi's cornerman and cheer squad.

What?

I'm a part of this club too, you know.

A part of the club? Aoi's one?

Yes, he's the club's first official member. It's still just him and me, though…

Huh, I see.

Ayaka seems to grasp the situation.

Oh, so she's Ayaka.

She's kind of different from how I imagined her.

I had a full picture, a real typical one in mind.

Soft and wavy black hair with perfect facial proportions.

Simply put-your typical belle.

She actually seems to have a pretty decent figure.

SHE'S the girl's champ?

Seriously?

Hm?

Oh, wait…

I feel like I recognize her from somewhere… Or maybe not?

Am I just imagining it?

Hiya! You been well?

A-Ayaka?!

Oh.

I recognize her.

It's Kurusugawa's little sister. I met her briefly at the school gates before.

It has to be her.

But Aoi just calls her "Ayaka."

Ayaka's the girl that Aoi looks up to, if I remember correctly.

So it was Kurusugawa's little sister all along, huh?

Last year's Girls Extreme Champ.

Ayaka…Kurusugawa.

I hear you've batted away Yoshie's advances and are trying to make an Extreme martial arts club?

Oh, um, yes.

Aoi nods emphatically.

Huh, you're more decisive than I gave you credit for. I didn't think you were so audacious.

…

Anyway, unlike Yoshie, I'll support you. I just know that hitting the mat with an underclassman who used to train with me will lead to an exciting match.

R-Right!

But I can't be sitting on my laurels knowing that you'll be competing in the same tournament as me.

G-Gosh, I'm really not that…

I just know you'll be in the running for the top spot, even in an Extreme Tournament. I know talent when I see it.

Ayaka says with a grin.

Huh? You're that guy…

Looks like we meet again.

You and my big sister are… Wait, what are you doing here?

I'm here as Aoi's cornerman and cheer squad today.

What?

You two know each other?

Sakashita asks curiously.

Kinda.

We know each other, but we're not best buds or anything.

You and Ayaka know each other?

I'm actually closer to her sister than her.

You know that my sister goes to the same school as you guys, right?

Right.

We had a quick chat when I went to pick her up the other day.

We've met once before then too.

That time you peeped up my skirt?

Would it kill you to remember it a little differently?

…

So why are you her cornerman?

Well, I'm part of this club too.

A part of the club? Aoi's one?

Yes, he's the club's first official member. It's still just him and me, though…

Huh, really?

Uh-huh.

Hmm…

Ayaka appears to think for a moment.

You're always out on the hunt, huh?

She says with a grin.

What do you mean by that?

Aw, quit acting dumb. So, who are you really after?

Huh?

Hehehe. I guess now's not the time to ask those questions. Be sure to fill me in later.

…

They're definitely sisters.

She looks so much like Kurusugawa.

Soft and wavy black hair with perfect facial proportions.

Simply put-your typical belle.

Her body's pretty nice too.

SHE'S the girl's champ?

Is she actually strong?

Knowing her sister, it's pretty hard to picture.

Hiya! You been well?

A-Ayaka?!

A-Ayaka?!

What?

Ayaka looks surprised after noticing me too.

Well if it isn't Hiroyuki. What are you doing here?

Me? I should be asking you the same question.

Wait…

Hang on, are you the Ayaka that Aoi talks about?

Hm?

Hah! Okay, I get it now.

Wait, what?

The upperclassman that Aoi looks up to.

Last year's Girls Extreme Champ.

A member of the prestigious Kurusugawa family.

Serika Kurusagawa's little sister.

It all falls into place.

You two know each other?

Sakashita asks curiously.

Yes, I suppose.

You and Ayaka know each other?

Aoi is surprised-as expected.

But it's us two who are the most surprised.

So what are you doing here, Hiroyuki?

Well, I'm a member of Aoi's martial arts club.

Really?

Yes, he's the club's first official member. It's still just him and me, though…

Uh-huh.

So you're in Aoi's club, huh? That's unexpected.

And I didn't expect you to be THE Ayaka that Aoi gushes over.

Small world, right?

You're telling me.

I didn't expect her to be the Girl's Extreme Champ.

And I'm doubly surprised that she's the girl that Aoi looks up to.

I feel like she's the total opposite of the girl that Aoi spoke at length about, but it's not as if I know Ayaka inside out.

I hear you've batted away Yoshie's advances and are trying to make an Extreme martial arts club?

Oh, um, yes.

Aoi nods emphatically.

Huh, you're more decisive than I gave you credit for. I didn't think you were so audacious.

…

Anyway, unlike Yoshie, I'll support you. I just know that hitting the mat with an underclassman who used to train with me will lead to an exciting match.

R-Right!

But I can't be sitting on my laurels knowing that you'll be competing in the same tournament as me.

G-Gosh, I'm really not that…

I just know you'll be in the running for the top spot, even in an Extreme Tournament. I know talent when I see it.

Ayaka says with a grin.

But why are you…?

Aoi asks before she's interrupted.

I wanted Miss Bad Influence to be present at today's match.

Sakashita responds.

I thought it'd be the perfect chance to show you the truth and teach Ayaka a lesson too.

She says as she side-eyes Ayaka.

And what would you be teaching me, exactly?

How strong your little pretend martial arts really are. Today's results will be more than enough proof.

My, those are quite some fighting words. You think Extreme is 'pretend martial arts'?

Absolutely. Otherwise, it's just a show for entertainment. The needless hype from sponsors, the pay-to-watch system, and fighters competing for prize money? Everyone's in it for the money.

It's just a big show to bring in cash.

Matches with big prizes on the line can be organized if money is involved. The bigger the prize, the stronger the competitors who come. Strong competitors mean high-level tournaments and more intense matches.

Naturally, that brings in a bigger audience and money as well. It's a virtuous cycle of stimulation-don't you understand that?

I don't care about the tournaments themselves. Let the crowds roar in their seats. But you two represent the world of karate. It's not right for you to participate in those tournaments.

What's not right about it?

Karate is a martial art where the aim is to train oneself. Participating in tournaments for prize money is committing utter betrayal against the dojo.

I still believe in the power of training oneself, but I see fighting others stronger than me as a faster route to that goal.

Excuse me? So you're saying that there's nobody stronger than you in the karate world?

Well, at least not to my knowledge.

Hmph.

Sakashita's eyebrow twitches.

But Extreme is different.

It's filled with strong fighters and with the big boost in prize money, I'm sure there'll be tough opponents of fighting styles I've never faced before participating this year.

Doesn't that sound like so much fun?

It's complete nonsense for a karate-ka to fight against kickboxers and wrestlers.

You're so stubborn. Both kickboxing and wrestling are combative sports too.

While that may be the case, martial arts and sports are two entirely different things.

Everyone has their own opinion. I have mine and you have yours.

…

The world of karate is too small. How many styles of karate do you think there are?

Each style has its own set of rules and there's a set pool of fighters who appear in tournaments. It's always the same people.

Being the best at one style just makes you the king of a hill.

…

They're just a bunch of tortoises hiding in their little shells. Karate won't grow any further unless we fight more openly against other styles.

It's stuck as a mid-rank combative sport in terms of skill too.

That's why I chose the Extreme route.

…It's true that there's no unification in karate styles and it's a high hurdle to overcome.

But it's certainly not a low-level combative sport. Karate has a long history.

I won't stand here and allow you to insist that it's behind the times compared to other sports that have barely learned to walk!

Oh? Combative sports grow day by day and continue to evolve. Slews of passionate individuals are researching and developing new techniques, even as we speak.

Combative sports that cling onto old traditions and history will forget to evolve and eventually fade away.

Are you saying that karate is one of those sports?

It will be if it doesn't change.

…

…

Sakashita and Ayaka glare intently at each other as they smirk.

They appear calm as still waters on the surface, but within them both, a raging inferno burns, ready to erupt.

…Very well. I see no point in arguing any further. I'll show you myself just how strong the karate I've devoted myself to really is.

Sakashita glances at Aoi.

To you first, Aoi… and then Ayaka next.

Wait, so that's how it is?

A devilish grin creeps across Ayaka's face.

You wouldn't dare run away, would you?

I wouldn't dream of it. I've been itching to fight against you myself since it's been so long. But Aoi's your opponent today-not me. Wouldn't it be best for you to focus on her right now?

Sorry, but Aoi's not a threat to me just yet.

Is that so? Aoi's a hard-worker. She may be self-taught, but she has studied a variety of styles and has mastered various skills herself. In fact, the possibility of her taking you out is well and truly there.

I acknowledge her devotion and agree that she has the potential to get strong-IF she focuses solely on karate in earnest. She doesn't scare me right now since she's still playing pretend.

That's a bold claim to make. Are you sure about that? You'll have a fun time wiping that mud off your face if you lose.

Who said I'm going to lose?!

…Mm-hmm. I suppose we'll find out once the match is over.

Ayaka grins.

Shouldn't you get changed already, Yoshie? Don't tell me you intend to fight in those clothes.

Of course not! I was just about to… Aoi?

Y-Yes!

Is there somewhere I can get changed?

U-Um, uh… Behind the shrine hall…

Behind the hall? Honestly, I suppose if I must…

Sakashita sighs in exasperation as she heads off behind the hall with her bag in hand.

I'm counting on you, Aoi.

What?

Knock her clean off her feet and destroy those ideals of karate she idolizes!

Oh…

You hear me? This is a battle between karate and Extreme! We can't lose here!

R-Right.

Aoi nods.

…Hey, Ayaka? How do I put on these leggings?

Sakashita calls out from behind the shrine.

It's pretty self explanatory.

I know, but could you just come here for a sec?

Ugh, you're so annoying.

Ayaka grumbles as she walks over behind the hall herself.

That leaves just me and Aoi.

Pssh, honestly. Look at them getting all worked up. You're the one in this fight. Am I right?

I say to Aoi with a smile.

But…

…

Aoi doesn't respond.

Aoi?

I peer closer and notice her shoulders and knees slightly trembling.

Her face is filled with doubt.

H-Hey, Aoi…

So…

What's wrong?

I have to win…

What?

I have to win at all costs, don't I?

What's gotten into you?

Well, Ayaka won't have a leg to stand on if I lose so…

What? Don't be silly. You don't have to worry about that. This fight is between you and Sakashita. Ayaka's got nothing to do with it.

B-But…

Aoi's face remains sullen.

Uh-oh, not good.

She's letting it get to her.

I mean, she does admire Ayaka.

I get that she wants to meet her expectations, but she's not gonna achieve that by becoming a ball of nerves.

The pressure's probably boosted her anxiety to 120%.

Aoi never lives up to her full potential because of her nerves.

Talk about worst case scenario…

She can't fight like this.

I need to find a way to calm her down.

What should I do?

A. Get her to take deep breaths.

B. Write the Japanese kanji for "person" on her palm and get her to swallow it up.

Okay, I'll get her to do some deep breathing.

Aoi, let's take some nice deep breaths.

What…?

You seem tense, so we gotta get you to calm down.

R-Right.

Okay, take a deep breath in…

*ssst*

And out…

*fsst*

And in…

*ssst*

And out…

*fsst*

And in…

*ssst*

And out…

*fsst*

How do you feel?

A little better, I think…

…

That didn't seem very effective at all.

Okay, time for the special trick.

Aoi, write the Japanese kanji for 'person' on your palm and then swallow it up.

What?

They say it helps to calm your nerves, you know?

Okay.

It might just be a little trick, but it's all about conquering the mind.

Right.

Aoi nods, writes the kanji for "person" on her palm, and then swallows it up.

Then she lets out a little sigh.

How do you feel?

A little better, I think…

…

It doesn't seem to help very much.

As I try to calm Aoi's nerves, Sakashita returns in her gear.

I'm ready. Let's get started, shall we?

O-Okay.

Sorry, but I won't be holding back. I'll be fighting with all I've got.

Sakashita's piercing gaze is locked onto Aoi.

At least try to defend properly to avoid getting hurt.

She throws in a follow-up verbal attack to hit her while she's down.

…

Aoi, still a ball of nerves, averts her gaze.

Not good.

Not good at all.

Oh? Shouldn't you be the one looking out for yourself, Yoshie? You'll get a beating if you underestimate Aoi.

Heh, I hope so that's the case.

Sakashita replies, flashing a smug smile.

If you're both ready then let's get go-

Hold it!

I stop them.

…What? Is something up?

Please give us just a bit more time. I wanna talk tactics with Aoi.

Tactics?

Uh-huh. So just give us a sec.

Okay…

…

Ayaka looks back and forth between Aoi and me.

Okay. You have three minutes.

She says.

What's the point? The outcome won't change. All the work we've put in will decide the match.

Just let th-em have their chat. You can't wait a mere three minutes?

If you're going to come up with cheap tricks then you better give me all you've got, Aoi.

O-Okay.

Now, now. Don't be like that, Yoshie. Why don't you use this time to warm up?

No need. I'm ready to go.

No. Go and do some stretches. I'll help!

I said I'm fine! D-Damn it…

Ayaka forcefully helps Sakashita to stretch.

What a lifesaver.

Okay, it's now or never.

Follow me for a bit, Aoi.

Oh…

I take Aoi's hand and lead her over to the forest.

Um, what's the matter?

You're way too tense.

What?

You're all wound up, no?

I don't have to wait for her to respond.

Her shoulders and knees are trembling.

…

Can you seriously fight in that state? Will you be able to show off what you practiced?

Upon hearing this, Aoi appears close to tears.

She looks down and closes her eyes tightly.

Her body trembles with more intensity.

Get a hold of yourself!

I put my hands on Aoi's shoulders.

It's just a sparring match. There's no need to feel any pressure.

…Right.

She nods, but her face remains gloomy.

A cloud of doubt still looms above her.

I have a general idea as to why she feels this way.

Your mind's drifting to the worst case scenarios, right? Like what'll happen if you lose.

…

You're assuming that Sakashita won't acknowledge Extreme and that you'll bring shame to Ayaka if you lose, I bet.

…

Aoi nods after a short pause.

And, and… You…

Me?

She nods again.

You've helped me to practice this whole time, so if I go down without putting up a real fight, then…

Whoa, hold up.

I stop her in a somewhat joking manner.

You don't have to worry about that at all. It'd be totally pointless to lose because that made you nervous.

…

When it comes to matches, it's not about winning or losing, but the fight itself. You want to show Sakashita how passionate you are about Extreme, right? Then stop focusing on winning and fight with all your heart.

…Right.

Sakashita's got a stronger build and she has more experience than you. Win or lose, just go for broke.

To be completely honest, I want her to win.

Or, at the very least, I want her to go into the fight with the intention of winning no matter what.

That will get the message across clearer to Sakashita.

But telling her to win or to not lose will only pile more pressure onto her.

The best I can do is calm her down and put her in the right mindset.

What should I say?

Talk about a tough task.

Listen…

Aoi says in the smallest of voices.

What is it?

I've actually been like this since last night.

She hugs herself.

All I could do was think about the match, and I just lay in bed awake all night. I've been practicing since early this morning because I'll just start shaking if I don't keep moving…

You're more nervous than I thought.

I calmed down a little and felt that I could take on the match when I saw your face, but then I started to tremble again as time drew closer…

Aoi's knees begin to tremble more violently than ever.

Yoshie's more fired up than I expected. That already gave me the shakes, but then Ayaka came around and said what she said. It put more pressure on me to win, so I…I…

Aoi…

So she cracks under pressure.

A disadvantage of being super serious.

I'm someone who doesn't let things get to me, but it's a huge issue for Aoi.

There's nothing odd about that.

Many Japanese people are like that-according to a book I've read.

I just have to accept that as part of her personality.

The problem is-how do I ease the pressure she feels?

This is tough.

But tough or not, it's my job to help her.

Hmmm…

The general courses of action are…

1. Become defiant.

2. Get accustomed to it.

3. Believe in yourself.

…That's about it.

Options One and Two are out of the question, but I think Three might work.

Alright.

Let's try taking that route.

I'll get Aoi to have more confidence.

Aoi!

Y-Yes?!

I suddenly yell at her.

Grit those teeth of yours!

Wha…

*slap*

I sandwich Aoi's cheeks with a light two-handed slap.

Um…

Now listen up.

I say, my hands cupping her cheeks and my gaze firmly on hers.

Then, I suck in a huge breath and…

You're strong, Aoi!

I blast at her.

I declare this with confidence! You are strong, Aoi!

U-Um…

Because the fruits of all your training fills every fiber of your body!

…

These shoulders, arms, elbows, and fists!

!

I smack every body part in order, almost painfully.

Your hips! Quads! Knees! Feet! Every part of your body has trained for this!

…

You may have doubts and your mind might be wiped blank, but your body remembers it all!

…

The impact of socking the punching bag, the feel of every kick, your agile footwork dancing off the ground…

…

Each and every one of those actions has been etched into your body!

…

That means you're strong, Aoi! Believe in yourself! Listen…

I take a deep breath.

There's no doubt about it! You're strong!

I speak with confidence and conviction.

Fujita…

…

I stare into her eyes and wait for her to respond.

And then…

…

A strong resolve fills her eyes and she gives me a firm nod.

That's the spirit.

I nod too.

Think of your body trembling as if it's overflowing with energy. Shake so much that you feel hot all over!

Energy…

Explode with it!

Explode…

The meek trembling that had filled Aoi's body gradually turns into a tremble of pure strength.

Her eyes burn with fighting spirit and vitality.

*smack*

!

I slap her cheeks once again.

Alright! You got this!

Yes!

Okay, sock it to me!

I present my palm to her.

*THWACK*

Aoi gives my palm an almighty punch.

Her doubts are gone.

I could tell by her punch.

Alright! Let her have it!

Okay!

Aoi nods firmly.

I will!

The match will last for ten minutes. A KO or forfeit will result in an instant loss. I will be your referee today. A TKO will be ruled if I stop the match,

otherwise it will be determined by the number of points. Points will be decided by me and…you. You're in, right?

Ayaka says, talking to me.

Huh?! Me?

Yes. You can determine who has the advantage or disadvantage without bias, no?

I guess.

Then that settles it.

She's leaving this to an amateur like me?

No use of elbows or foreheads allowed. Knees cannot be directed to the face. Obviously, eyes are off limits.

There are also a number of other forbidden moves, but they are mostly grapples, which shouldn't affect strikers like you two.

Really? I'd think Aoi would be looking to use a grapple or two. I'm an amateur when it comes to grappling, so feel free to try some of those moves on me.

But Aoi doesn't stand for it.

No, I'll be fighting with only strikes today.

She declares in no uncertain terms.

…What do you mean by that? You're not trying to insinuate that you've given me a handicap, are you?

No, that's not what I mean. It's just a decision that I've made for myself.

A decision that you've made for yourself?

I believe that defeating you with strikes alone is what would mean a true victory.

…

My training in the lead up to today has been focused on strikes… And I'm confident in my abilities!

Aoi stares Sakashita square in the eyes.

Heh, I don't know why but you're suddenly looking like a real fighter now.

…

Now this is a fight worth winning.

…

Aoi holds her breath for a moment.

It looks like you two are both ready. Let's get started. Take your places.

Okay.

I'm ready when you are.

Assume your positions!

…

…

Ready…

*gulp*

The sound of my gulp sounds almost magnified.

Here we go…

It's about to begin.

Fight!

The safety is switched off and it's guns blazing right from the start of the fight!

By the way, the first safety on a gun was invented in the 1880s.

I learned that from a TV show the other day.

It means nothing right now, though.

*thwomp*

Sakashita goes on the attack from the get-go.

*fwoosh*

She takes a big step forward.

But she chooses not to strike and immediately steps sideways to the left.

A feint to draw an attack to counter.

But Aoi calmly reads her feint,

and doesn't take the bait.

The two fighters move back to their starting positions.

*swiff* *swiff*

Sakashita then follows up with a quick one-two jab.

Aoi sways her upper body to dodge the attacks.

*swoosh*

With Aoi's focus shifted upwards, Sakashita goes in for a low kick!

*fwoosh*

But Aoi dodges with a backstep.

Whew…

I wipe the cold sweat from my brow.

It's okay.

Aoi can see the attacks.

Her movements are still stiff, but she's calmly watching her opponent and responding appropriately.

She's really watching.

Ayaka says as she approaches me.

And her footwork is gradually loosening up. She can do this.

Yeah.

Aoi's movements are getting more nimble and rhythmic as the match progresses.

Hey, so what did you say to Aoi earlier?

Huh?

I mean, just look at her. She's like a completely different person. What advice did you give her?

Ayaka asks as the intense match plays out in front of us.

Nothing special. Just some words of encouragement.

That whole Aoi being strong thing?

Oh, what? You heard me?

Who didn't? You were broadcasting it to the world.

A cheeky grin spreads across Ayaka's face.

But it looks like it really worked. She's not afraid of Yoshie at all, and she's fighting with confidence in her abilities.

Aoi's always been strong. She just has a bad habit of putting herself down. All I did was give her a little push of encouragement.

Mm-hmm.

What?

Looks like you really do know Aoi well.

Ayaka grins like a fool and glances at me.

Wait, aren't you the ref? Should you really be chatting away with me here?

It's fine. They'll probably be faking and dodging for a while.

Some ref you are.

Ayaka giggles in response.

The match enters a deadlock, as Ayaka expected.

The two fighters trade simple moves to gauge each other's tactics.

If I remember correctly…

What?

Aoi. That's always been her weak point.

What's been her weak point?

Her cracking under pressure.

Oh…

That's why she always loses without even showing off half of her abilities. She's got the skills, yet she's never produced any decent results at a tournament.

She's got the skills?

Yeah. She's always had a knack for combative sports, is a dedicated learner, and is the type to not shy away from hard work. She's a little lacking in terms of strength, if anything…

Because of her slight build.

But I'm sure she's going through a growth spurt right now. She's already grown significantly compared to before.

Really?

She's grown taller and the reach of her moves has extended too, not to mention the clear boost in her power and stamina.

It's from all the early-morning training she does.

It looks like her bust has grown too, no? There wasn't much going on there until fairly recently.

…Huh. Interesting.

So Aoi's having a growth spurt now, hm?

…

Gah!

Uh, no! Snap out of it!

Can't be having those thoughts now.

I shake my head and focus on the match.

Sakashita unexpectedly turns her back toward Aoi.

Not a moment later, she unleashes a back kick!

*fwoomph*

Aoi pivots to the left to avoid it.

Counterattack!

Aoi takes advantage of the back kick, stepping in for a one-two jab and then…

*fwoosh* *thwomp*

Whoa!

Her signature move! A high roundhouse kick combo!

Sakashita barely manages to block it with her left hand, but a look of panic dawns on her face.

She was on the attack, but the tables had now turned.

Her kick speed has lifted substantially. She's really studied that form. Her kicks are as sharp as a blade.

That's her signature move, after all!

What she did just now was effective. Her opponent feels threatened now. Yoshie's too focused on the upper body and her feet are completely open.

Her feet, hm? Got it.

Aoi! Low! Go for a low kick!

I yell at Aoi.

*bomphf*

Aoi unleashes a low kick, and hits Sakashita square in a ligament!

Sakashita gets knocked off balance.

Nice!

*thwomp* *bam*

A follow-up one-two jab!

*FWOMP*

And a roundhouse kick to top it off!

Sakashita stumbles, completely knocked around.

She guarded against the attacks, but definitely took some damage.

But Sakashita's no amateur.

She regains composure in an instant and counters Aoi with defensive punches.

Aoi retreats and maintains her distance.

No, you need to keep the pressure on her!

The referee gets fired up too.

She's not supposed to take sides, though…

This is incredible. She's become so strong that even I don't recognize her.

Of course she has. Do you have any idea how hard she trains every day?!

At this rate, she'll continue to get stronger and…might even surpass me.

Ayaka seems almost proud.

I guess she's not the Extreme Champ for nothing.

Her battle-frenzied blood must be boiling with excitement upon the appearance of a new rival.

But Sakashita isn't going to go down without a fight.

She launches a counterattack.

*step, step, swoosh*

She attempts to get in close with a flurry of inside steps.

*swoosh*

Aoi takes a step forward to push her away and follows with a front kick.

However!

!

Sakashita's step forward is a feint.

Aoi's front kick cuts through the air and lands on the ground.

Successfully baited!

She got caught this time.

Sakashita takes a real step forward this time and unleashes a one-two jab!

*thwomp* *bam*

No! Her punches landed!

Aoi wobbles.

Sakashita takes full advantage of the moment!

*thmp*

Sakashita grabs Aoi's neck and holds her down.

Not good! She's got her locked in!

Knee incoming!

Just as Ayaka yells out…

*swoosh*

*thwonk*

Sakashita's perfect lead up ends with a knee to Aoi's gut!

A direct hit?!

No, she blocked it!

Aoi manages to block the attack with her arms, somehow cushioning the blow.

Thank goodness…

Don't breathe a sigh of relief just yet!

Sakashita quickly releases Aoi from the headlock and then…

*thwack*

Unleashes a mid-roundhouse kick!

Despite having her guard up, the kick lands firmly on Aoi, knocking her completely backwards.

*swoosh* *bomphf* *bam*

She's not letting up! A flurry of punches!

She's going in for the kill!

*bsh* *dssh*

Ah!

One of the high-and-low jabs lands square in Aoi's body!

No! Aoi!

With Aoi knocked off balance, Sakashita flies in with a barrage of punches.

*fwomp* *bsh* *dssh* *fwomp* *bsh* *dssh* *fwomp* *bsh* *dssh* *fwomp* *bsh* *dssh*

To the body.

To the side of the head.

To the back of the head.

To the forehead.

To the ribs.

Of the ten or so hits, five of them land cleanly.

Gloved or not, they must really hurt.

Looks like that's it…

Ayaka says, speaking in a cold and calm tone.

What…?

The fight should be stopped. It'll be another problem if she experiences a damaging loss.

Wh-What do you mean?

She won't be able to pick herself back up if the seed of fear is planted inside of her.

Wh-What?!

What do I do?!

Should I stop the match?!

Her guard is strong, but she looks like she might fall at any second.

It hurts to even watch her.

Is she really going to lose?

She worked so hard, yet it's still not enough to beat Sakashita?

Are their skill levels really that different?

Finally, Sakashita pushes Aoi away to prepare for a final blow.

She distances herself to summon up enough power for a punch to end Aoi.

At that moment, Aoi lowers her guard.

Look out! You're leaving yourself wide open!

Ayaka yells.

Sakashita is aware of this too.

I-I gotta stop this!

But it's too late.

Sakashita takes a lightning-fast step and unleashes a thunderous attack onto Aoi's body!

AOOOOOOOOOOOI!

I yell, but then…

*BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM*

The brutal sound of impact echoes throughout as a cannon-like punch is unleashed!

Ah!

Oh!

Her body is sent flying.

I watch as she gradually falls, as if in slow motion. And then…

*THUD*

Her beaten-up body collapses with a cloud of dust.

Silence.

I need some time to grasp what had just happened.

And eventually…

N-No way…

Ayaka mutters, completely dumbfounded and forgetting to even blink.

Her eyes are locked square on the body that had been launched through the air.

…Aoi.

I look at Aoi.

I look at her as she stands tall and proud with both feet on the ground.

Oh, right.

It's Sakashita who had been launched into the air and ended up collapsed on the ground.

Aoi was completely on the backfoot, yet she managed to knock Sakashita out.

Sakashita remains on the ground, not moving an inch.

It's a clear KO.

You did it?

I mutter in disbelief.

What in the heck just happened?

Aoi landed a clean counterpunch, I think…

Ayaka says, speaking with the same look of disbelief as me.

A counterpunch? But she didn't…

She only took half a step, then pushed forward and unleashed a mid-level punch.

A mere mid-level punch did that much damage?

Beng Quan.

Ayaka utters a word I'd never heard before.

Beng Quan?

It's a Chinese style of martial arts. I think what she did came from Xing Yi Quan, or something like that.

Xing Yi Quan.

Oh.

Come to think of it…

…Have you heard of Xing Yi Quan?

No…

It's a style of Chinese martial arts. I've only just scratched the surface of it, but I think it could be useful.

She did mention something along those lines a while ago.

I think it's a type of move where you step into an opponent's attack and counter it with a punch to the gut.

And she landed it?

Yes.

Ayaka nods.

A punch with one's whole body behind it. The impact goes straight through the opponent, unlike superficial attacks. It's less like a strike and more like a tackle.

Impact that goes through the body?

It's like getting a straight jab into the body with the end of a bat.

A straight jab with the end of a bat?

That does sound pretty painful.

So Aoi's the winner, right?

This is probably a KO.

Then declare it already! Aren't you the ref here?

Oh, whoops.

The shrine is as tranquil as the clear skies.

The spring breeze carries the gentle rays of the sun with each gust.

*huff, huff, huff*

Aoi's shoulders heave as she pants heavily.

Drops of sweat glisten in the sunlight as they drip from her forehead.

And eventually…

A clear KO!

Ayaka announces loudly.

I-I won?

Aoi mutters.

You did it, Aoi! You won!

I say.

I…defeated Yoshie.

Aoi mutters again, as if to convince herself.

Not long after…

F-Fujita…

She slowly turns to look at me.

I…I…

You won, Aoi.

And then…

…!

After a long pause…

F-FUJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII TAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!

She screams her lungs out and runs straight towards me.

And then…

*pomphf*

A-Aoi?!

She leaps into my arms like it was the most natural thing in the world to do.

I-I won! I actually won!

Tears well up in her eyes while she grasps at my jacket.

You sure did.

I nod.

I then take in a deep breath and with all of my energy-

YESSSSSS! Great job! You did so well, Aoi!

I say, embracing her sweat-soaked shoulders.

F-Fujita, Fujita…

She presses her face into my chest and cries, overcome with emotion.

You did great. I'm so proud of you…

I say as I stroke Aoi's head.

Ayaka glances sideways at us and chuckles before reaching her hand towards the collapsed Sakashita.

Alright, time to head over to the school club.

Aoi didn't quite seem like herself the other day.

She suddenly showed up at my house and asked if I had any intention of staying in the martial arts club.

I answered truthfully because that's what she insisted. With all things considered, I felt like I was enjoying myself.

Aoi thanked me after that.

And she also apologized…

Had she actually come to tell me something important?

Alright, I'll ask her about that today.

I go to the shrine and find Aoi there.

She is alone, crouched on the stairs, deep in thought.

Odd.

Usually she'd already be training, alone or not.

I guess sometimes she needs a moment to think.

Or maybe she's not feeling well.

Yo!

I call out to her in my usual tone.

Aoi hears me and stands up.

…Oh, hi.

Hey! Early as usual, eh? You haven't started training yet?

I say as I put my bag down off to the side.

…

Aoi smiles with a conflicted look on her face.

It's a remorseful smile with a hint of sadness somewhere in there.

Hey, what's up?

…

After a short pause-

Fujita…

Aoi looks solemn.

What is it?

…Um, I'm going to say something selfish right now.

Selfish?

Yes, well… I've actually decided to shut down the club as of today.

What?!

I can't believe her sudden announcement.

Sh-Shut down? H-Hold up… What brought this about?

Aoi looks down to avoid my gaze.

…I completely understand you getting angry at me for being so selfish, but I thought long and hard to come to this decision.

…

…I'm thinking of following Sakashita's advice and joining the Karate Club.

What about Extreme? What about your dreams of following in your idol's footsteps?

Aoi continues to look down and slowly shakes her head.

Then, in small voice-

…I'm no good.

She utters.

I can't do this anymore. I don't have the confidence to keep this club going.

You don't have the confidence?

I honestly don't have confidence in myself either.

Can I keep doing this forever? Should I listen to Yoshie and go back to practicing karate? Those kinds of questions always swirl in my brain.

That conversation I had with Aoi flashes in the back of my head.

So that's what she meant by lacking confidence that day…

I actually fought a match against Sakashita yesterday.

Aoi says.

What?! Wh-Why didn't you tell me?

I'd actually gone to your place to tell you that on Monday night, but then I couldn't find the right moment to say it…

Wh-What's the deal with that? Why didn't you tell me something so important?

I knew she had a reason for coming all the way to my place.

So how'd it go?

…

Aoi shakes her head and doesn't say a word.

Did she…beat you?

…Yes.

She gives a little nod.

She didn't just beat me, she absolutely annihilated me. If I had to defend myself, I'd attribute my loss to being too nervous to properly execute all I had worked on in my training…

I see.

So she lost to Sakashita.

Maybe Sakashita is right. Maybe I am weaker now compared to when I was practicing karate. My arms and legs don't move the way I want them to.

I never felt like I stood a chance during the fight. All I could think about was how fast I would lose.

If only I had been there.

If I had been there to cheer her on…

Would that have changed the result?

That's when it occurred to me… Maybe I've made the wrong decision. I'm sure there's still so much I can learn from karate, yet I acted without thinking…

Sakashita succeeded in proving her point.

She opened Aoi's eyes, just like she said she would.

All through a grand display of her overwhelming abilities.

…So I'm sorry to say this, but as of today, this club is no longer in operation. Please forgive my selfish actions.

…

I let out a little sigh.

You founded this club on your own, so you have the right to end it whenever you want.

I say.

Fujita…

Aoi mumbles woefully.

You've already made up your mind, right? I just gotta accept it. I think it's more important that you follow the path you've chosen to take.

…

Tears begin to well up in Aoi's eyes.

I'm so, so sorry…

She squeezes her eyes shut and apologizes profusely.

It's no big deal, really. And it's not like this is our last farewell or something. We get to see each other at school every day.

Aoi nods.

I'm still here to cheer you on and that won't change. If anything about karate ever weighs on your mind, you can always come to me.

I say with a smile.

Fujita…

Aoi rubs her eyes.

Then she looks at me with her red eyes and smiles.

You're always so nice to me.

She says.

Aw, shucks.

I scratch my nose in embarrassment, drawing a giggle from Aoi, still teary-eyed.

Alright! Guess I'll head over to the martial arts club.

Huh. Nobody's here.

Weird…

Aoi is nowhere to be seen.

There's no point in staying, so I decide to head home that day.

Okay, time for the martial arts club.

Aoi's fight against Sakashita sure was something.

Just thinking about it now gets me all worked up.

Aoi did such a good job.

After all of that hard work, I think Aoi's earned a day off practice today.

Maybe I'll invite her out somewhere.

I arrive at the shrine where she trains.

But looking around, Aoi is nowhere to be seen.

I'm sure the martial arts club is on today.

I guess I got here before she did.

I sit myself down in the hall and wait for Aoi.

Whew…

The sky's so blue.

I have no idea who or what is worshipped at this shrine.

I was kinda surprised when I first heard that club practice is held here, but now I'm totally used to it.

Thinking about it now after having some time to reflect, this place isn't so bad for club practice.

It's spacious, surrounded by nature, and the best part about it is that people don't come by, so it's quiet and calming.

It's still only a temporary practice spot, but I wouldn't mind if it became permanent.

Or maybe I only think that now because of the time of year.

A place indoors to practice would definitely be better during the wet rainy season or when it's freezing in winter.

That's why we need to get the school to recognize our club in an official capacity.

We should get access to a room and facilities once that happens.

The rules require a minimum of five people to be recognized as a club.

So we only need another three.

I mean, it's still surprisingly hard to find three whole people, though.

There are lots of people who like combative sports, but not a lot of them are interested in participating themselves.

They all run at the thought of it.

We could just recruit three random people to get approved, but Aoi isn't on board with that idea.

She wants to do things the right way and find members who will devote themselves in earnest.

That's totally an Aoi thing to say.

But where do we find new members?

I'm honestly not very optimistic.

However, I do like the idea of being promoted to official-club status and getting access to a room and facilities.

And I know we'll need that going forward.

On the other hand, the idea of not getting any alone time with Aoi if we have more members does make me kinda sad too.

I had selfishly thought that this was Aoi's and my club-no one else's.

Do we even need more members?

Perhaps I hadn't been proactive in recruiting members because of how I feel.

The only recruiting I had done was to help put up flyers in the hallway.

I do feel bad for not putting more effort in, especially when Aoi tried so hard to recruit new members, though…

Good morning!

Aoi arrives as I was lost in my thoughts.

She greets me in her usual cheery way.

She's as bright and cheerful as the sky is blue.

Hey!

I find myself smiling too.

All my thoughts go right out the window.

You're early today.

A thought came to me, so I made an effort to be early.

I manage to recover.

What did you have in mind?

What do you say we skip practice today and you come with me somewhere?

What?

I wanna celebrate your win against Sakashita.

A celebration? For that fight the other day?

Yup.

That was just a practice fight… It certainly doesn't warrant any celebration…

You beat THE Sakashita. She's known across tournaments in this area. I'm sure you know just how impressive it is to beat her.

Well, yes, but…

No buts. Let's celebrate.

…

Well, my intention is to ask you out somewhere, but am I being too pushy?

N-No, not at all!

Aoi fumbles to reassure me.

Really? Then let's go somewhere! You've been training so hard lately, so I think you deserve a break.

Perhaps you're right.

Great! Then let's head off ASAP. Time's a-ticking!

I give her a quick pat on the shoulders.

Yes, okay!

Aoi responds with a smile.

I bring Aoi out to the street from the shrine.

Where should we go?

I ask.

What?

Aoi frowns at the sudden question.

She has only ever known martial arts and has never spent time "hanging out" before.

Let's go somewhere you wanna go, today.

Um…

After much deliberation-

Would it be terrible if I…left that to you to decide?

She smiles bashfully.

I'd made a promise the other day, so I thought a movie might be good, but it'd end up getting late if we did that… So let's pass on the movie.

Heading to karaoke somewhere close could be fun, but Aoi doesn't seem keen… So not that.

We end up deciding to hit up the arcade near the station.

It would've been nice to hear Aoi sing, though.

Oh well.

Aoi doesn't seem like the type to be good at video games, so I opt for claw machines and bigger games that are more physical.

We have some fun and as time passes, we start to get hungry and decide to drop by a fast-food joint.

We order the same meal and go up to sit on the second floor.

Do you come to restaurants like this often?

Sometimes. When hunger strikes. What about you?

Almost never.

Aoi smiles bashfully.

Come to think of it, she did seem like a lost deer when we picked up our trays.

All fast-food places in general?

Yes. I very rarely eat out.

That's not something you hear every day.

Is that weird? It must be…

No, I don't think it's weird. You never drop by on the way home from school or with friends?

The rules were really strict at my middle school and they generally prohibited going to any restaurants.

Oh, I see. You were still a middle-schooler until just recently.

Correct.

Then I think that's pretty normal. I didn't really go during middle school either. Not really enough pocket money, you know?

Absolutely. I spend most of my pocket money on my hobbies.

Like combative sports?

W-Well, um, yes…

Aoi smiles sheepishly.

You really are outta this world, Aoi.

What do you mean?

I'm talking about the strength of your punches.

Oh…

I was referring to when we were at the arcade.

There's a boxing machine that measures the power of your punches, so Aoi and I give it a shot.

We both hit for 135 kilograms.

I'm surprised that we get the exact same number, but also at the fact that a girl like Aoi manages to punch so hard.

Masashi only gets 90 kilograms when he does it, and Shiho doesn't even reach 60.

Where does that tiny body of yours muster up so much strength?

It's not about strength, but rather skill.

Aoi says, though somewhat bashfully.

That machine only measures the weight of your punch, so you only score well if you put your weight behind the punch.

Put your weight behind the punch? That sounds complicated.

It's about punching by rotating your hips, rather than merely the force of your arm. I suppose it's rather like punching with your shoulders. Doing so will force your hips to turn as you punch.

I see… Punch with the shoulders.

I practice what Aoi explained.

You pick things up quickly and you have explosive strength, so I believe you can score higher if you practice.

Seriously? Sweet!

Now that I have more time, I'll spend some of it teaching you.

Ooh, I like the sound of that! Please and thanks!

Of course.

We both smile and sip our cold colas.

But I do need to work harder myself too.

Aoi says as she pulls the straw out of her mouth.

It's time to get into proper practice-mode for Extreme.

Yes.

When was it again? In the fall?

Correct.

It's six months away, but that'll probably fly by in a flash.

Indeed. I would like to do all that I can until then.

Aoi stares at the table with a serious look in her eyes.

I wouldn't be so trite as to aim for victory as a freshman student entering for the first time… But I at least want to ensure that I don't disappoint Ayaka.

That makes sense…

I nod, take a sip of my cola, and then remember what Ayaka said to me as she left the other day.

Today's match was amazing, as expected of an underclassman who trained with me. I knew I saw potential in you. You have to acknowledge the value of Extreme, even if only a little, Yoshie.

H-Hmph…

And you've gotten so strong, Aoi. Watching today's fight has lit the fire that's been dormant in me for so long. I'll be your opponent next time… On the Extreme stage, that is.

A-Ayaka…

Keep up the good work and continue to grow stronger. I'm looking forward to our fight.

Genuine or not, Ayaka announced Aoi as her rival, just like that.

What Ayaka said to me that day made me overjoyed, but…

But?

It also placed some pressure on me…

Geez, again?

I chuckle.

Ayaka is who I aspire to be. I've always looked up to her…yet now I've suddenly become her rival…

It just proves how strong you are.

That's really not the case…

Ayaka said something similar during your fight, too.

Yeah. She's always had a knack for combative sports, is a dedicated learner, and is the type to not shy away from hard work. She's a little lacking in terms of strength, if anything…

At this rate, she'll continue to get stronger and…might even surpass me.

…Those were Ayaka's words.

Really?

Really.

I nod.

Ayaka said that?

Aoi mutters with a look of disbelief on her face.

The fact remains that you defeated Sakashita. That's proof of your abilities.

I'm not so sure about that.

She looks down slightly.

What do you mean?

In combative sports centered on striking, a fight can be decided by a single lucky hit. Abilities don't always translate into the match. The same can't be said about grappling fights, however…

So you're saying you didn't win that fight through your skills?

Correct. Towards the end of the match when Yoshie had me on the ropes…

Oh…

I believe that I actually lost the match then.

You lost? How so?

I could have been knocked out at any moment then. I couldn't see Yoshie's moves coming, and my blocks were too slow. I thought I had lost.

But you ended up landing the perfect counterattack, no?

Yes, out of sheer luck.

Luck?

Yes. That counterattack…

Aoi pauses for a moment and then looks up towards me.

I have you to thank for it.

She says in a slightly embarrassed manner.

Me?

Yes.

She nods emphatically.

At that very moment… Just as Yoshie took that big step to finish me off, you yelled out my name, remember?

I did?

You screamed my name in the loudest voice.

Ack.

Sh-She heard me?

Oh, d-did I?

I try to act clueless.

Yes, I'm quite sure I heard you.

…

How embarrassing.

My mind had already gone completely blank then, yet I still had the resolve to not allow myself to lose… That's when I heard your voice.

…

My body reacted to your voice. It aimed for the smallest of gaps leading to Yoshie's body, moving without me even realizing it.

The Beng Quan move.

Yes.

Aoi nods.

If you hadn't called out to me, I would have been knocked out by Yoshie right there and then. No doubt about it.

Really…?

I was so absorbed in the match that I didn't realize I'd called out to her. I guess it worked out, though.

Thank goodness for that.

I only won due to a fortunate chain of events. I actually should have lost that fight…

But you won, right? You managed to come back and win a fight you should have lost-that's a true show of your abilities.

Oh, um…

Sure, me calling out to you might have sparked your comeback, but you were the one who endured Sakashita's barrage and landed that finishing blow to turn the tables.

Yes, but…

You need to have more confidence in yourself. Ninety percent of that win was through your skills!

I give Aoi a hearty slap on the back.

Fujita…

Aoi gives me a puzzled look. Then, after a few moments…

Thank you so much for always encouraging me like that.

She smiles.

But I really do believe that it wasn't my skills that led to that victory.

And now we're back at the start again. Listen…

It was our hard work. OUR victory!

Oh…

I was able to train as hard as I did and produce a result beyond my abilities thanks to you.

On the day of a match, I'd normally be frozen with nerves until the very end.

Y-You think so?

I truly understand now after that match. The peace of mind of having someone I can turn to by my side…a pillar of strength, you could say. I'm really glad you were there for me.

Aoi…

Aoi fights through her slight embarrassment and explains as she looks me right in the eyes.

I end up being the one who averts my gaze.

Then, I scratch my nose.

Oh, yeah! Aoi…

…Yes?

What souvenir do you want from the school trip?

I ask out of the blue.

Their conversation would've stopped dead if I didn't change the subject.

Sorry? The school trip?

Aoi looks at me in confusion.

Oh, didn't you know? The juniors are going on a school trip right after the Golden Week break. That includes me too, obviously.

Ah, is that so? I was unaware of that. A school trip sounds like fun.

…So, that means I can't make it to club activities for all of next week. Sorry.

Oh…

It suddenly appears to dawn on her.

I'm really sorry I can't be there for a whole week, especially since we're the only two members.

No, don't be. This is out of your control. It's a school trip, after all.

You're not sad about it?

Well… Yes, a little. But I'll be fine. It was only me in the club for the longest time before you came along, so.

…That's true.

Aoi had been working hard at training and going to the gym all on her own, even before I joined.

Of course she would be fine without me.

So, about that souvenir. What do you want?

I ask her with a smile.

Famous local food or something?

…Can I ask for anything?

Sure. I'm all ears.

Great! If possible, I would like something I can keep as a memento.

Like some kind of ornament?

Yes, something like that.

Bear statues seem to be pretty popular since they've got lots of bears and foxes over in that region.

Foxes? There are foxes there?

There sure are. The Ezo Red Fox. I read that some are pretty friendly and seek out humans for food.

Really?

That's what the guide book said. Do you like foxes or something?

Um, it's not that I love them or anything, but they are cute, don't you think? With their fluffy tails and all.

Alright, then I'll get you something fox-related for your souvenir.

You will? Thank you so much!

Aoi says with a grin.

We continue to talk for a while after that until I go home for the day.

And so, the Golden Week break ends and the morning of our school trip arrives.

I'd already packed for the trip the night before, of course.

I leave home much earlier than usual.

Good morning, Yuki.

What's with all that luggage?

Huh?

Are you camping in the mountains or something? What'd you bring?

Clothes, stationery, toiletries, a hairdryer, a camera, a folding umbrella…

You brought a hairdryer? Just borrow someone's.

But, um, just in case… I mean, are you going to be okay? You packed so light.

I got my clothes and notebooks and pens and stuff. That's all I need, right? Better to travel light, you know?

Yeah, maybe…

Akari is walking almost two-times slower than usual from her heavy luggage.

She continues to plod and heave along.

…Ugh, fine. Look, I'll swap bags with you from here to school.

What? Really?

I take the bag from Akari's hands.

Geez, is this filled with rocks or something?

Alright, let's go.

Thanks, Yuki.

A familiar face then approaches from behind.

Morning.

Hey.

I happened to spot you two so I ran to catch up.

Good morning, Sashi. It's been a while since I saw you in the morning.

Because I've usually got morning practice. Not today, obviously.

Ah-hah! See? Masashi's packed light too.

You're right.

Girls are different than guys though.

U-Um, I guess.

There are four large buses parked in front of the school.

They would take us to the airport where we'd then hop on a plane.

The vast plains of Hokkaido are waiting for me.

Us juniors are loafing around in front of the school.

It's still too early for the seniors and freshmen to be around.

Hiya! Good morning, you three! How are we all?

And who appears with her jarring greeting? Shiho, of course.

She's the type of person who always gets carried away in these situations.

Good morning, Shiho.

Morning.

Yooo.

There's approximately one person here who's a little gloomy doomy. Today calls for some more energy, no?

I think you're TOO energetic today.

Rude! Just let me be me! We're going on a school trip! We gotta get super pumped and lit!

Man, I wish I got put on a different bus than you…

What's that supposed to mean?!

After the principal's quick farewell, we all then get on our buses.

The buses leave as scheduled and our school trip begins.

Time flies by when you're having fun, and our school trip ends in the blink of an eye.

See ya.

Okay, see you next time.

*clack* *clack* *click*

I'm home…

I return home for the first time in a while that evening.

After plopping my things on the table I collapse onto the sofa.

Whew…

I sigh.

There really is no place like home.

A wave of exhaustion washes over me as I let myself relax.

I had a lot of fun, but the fatigue of it all finally catches up to me.

Maybe I'll just let myself have a little nap here.

As I let out a big yawn, I catch a glimpse of the paper bag on the table.

Aoi's souvenir is in there.

…Aoi.

I wonder what she's doing right now.

Today's Saturday.

I look at my watch.

It's 5:30 pm.

She's probably still in the middle of practice right now.

…

I suddenly have the uncontrollable urge to see Aoi.

Alright.

I grab the bag with her souvenir and pick myself up.

I'll use this as an excuse to go see her.

The sun had set.

I arrive at the shrine behind the school with the souvenir in hand.

She should still be training.

I should be able to hear the sound of her kicking the punching bag any second now…

…

Silence.

Weird.

Maybe she's already gone home for the day.

I look around as I continue to walk farther into the grounds of the shrine.

Oh, what? You're here after all.

I find Aoi.

She's sitting in front of the sunset-lit shrine with her arms hugging her knees, lost in thought.

I guess she's taking a break.

She doesn't seem to notice me yet.

…Alright.

I grin.

Time to play a little trick on her.

I quietly creep over, staying out of her sight, and approach the shrine.

Any minute now…

I'm right under her nose, but she's completely unaware.

Bahaha. Some fighter she is.

Her guard's completely down.

I take in a deep breath.

Ready and…

Fujita…

Aoi says, still with her arms hugging her knees.

Ack.

She knew I was here the whole time?

I let out the breath I've been holding.

She tricked me by pretending to not notice? Sneaky little fox.

I scratch my head to hide my embarrassment, and just as I was about to pop out too…

I wish he'd come back already…

Aoi mumbles.

Her voice is tiny, but I hear those words loud and clear.

Is he still in Hokkaido?

She continues to mumble.

…

It seems as though she hasn't noticed me after all.

She's talking to herself thinking that she's alone.

…I was totally fine on my own before.

Aoi mutters and then buries her face into her knees as she hugs them.

I didn't think I'd feel so lonely.

She mumbles with her face buried.

I miss you, Fujita…

…

I'm actually right in front of you.

I could've popped out a moment ago, but I feel as though I've missed my chance.

Now what?

Okay.

After some thought, I make sure to not make a sound as I take Aoi's souvenir out of the bag.

It's an Ezo red fox plushie I'd bought from a souvenir shop in Hokkaido.

A realistic soft toy with a cute twist to it.

It'd be too embarrassing to make a regular appearance now, so I decide to use the toy to lighten the mood.

I remain hidden under the shrine and stick the plushie out in front of Aoi's face.

Yo, Aoi!

I put on a voice and manipulate the plushie like a puppet.

Huh?!

Aoi sounds surprised.

I can't see her face since I'm still hidden.

I'm an Ezo red fox! The name's Konta! Nice to meetcha! I jumped on a plane and flew all the way from Hokkaido to comfort you since you get lonely sometimes!

I say while moving the plushie.

…F-Fujita?

Ain't no Fujita 'round here! The name's Konta! How you like this? My tail's real fluffy and cute, doncha think?

I flap its tail about.

Wh-What's the meaning of this? You're back from the school trip?

I got here from Hokkaido just now! I wanted to see you as soon as possible, so I rushed over here!

My regular voice took over at the beginning of the sentence, so I quickly change back to Konta's voice in a panic.

Oh…

Aoi makes a little sound in surprise.

I wanted to see you too, Fujita…

How many times do I gotsta say this? The name's Konta!

I heard her suddenly stand up.

And then…

Fujita!

She rushes over and practically leaps into my arms before grabbing my clothes tightly.

A-Aoi?

Surprised by her reaction, I'm at a loss over what to do.

What's, uh, wrong?

Confused, I give her an awkward smile.

Uhm…

She tightens her grasp on my clothes.

I-I'm sorry. I-It just feels like I have seen you in so long…

Tears seep out of her tightly closed eyes.

You little drama queen. It's only been five days.

I chuckle. Aoi then rubs her eyes and gives a little nod.

You're right. It has only been five days. Yet… Yet I…

She wipes the tears streaming down her face.

But tears begin to well up once again.

I-It's strange. I don't know why, but when I saw your face, I suddenly…

Despite her usual composed nature, Aoi does sometimes show this side of herself on rare occasions.

She was like this when she visited my place and for her fight against Sakashita.

The fact that she never complains or shows weakness makes me a little overprotective when I see her like this.

I soften my gaze and smile.

Now, now, enough tears. Can't you see that Konta's smiling?

I press the plushie against Aoi's cheek.

I felt as though a hole had been bored into my heart while you were away. I practiced every day at this shrine, yet it felt so big and empty when you were gone.

That makes sense. Nobody ever comes here.

I had no idea I was prone to feeling so lonely. I would sigh so much, every day…and I couldn't apply myself to training at all…

She looks down and speaks in a quivering voice.

I'll bet you felt lonelier than usual because I left after you'd gotten used to me being around.

I acknowledge her feelings.

When I first started living separately from my parents, I'd crank up the volume of my TV or music to distract myself because I felt so lonely.

I completely understand how she feels.

You wouldn't feel this way if there were other members in the club too, I bet.

I snicker.

No…

Aoi shakes her head.

What?

I wasn't feeling sad and lonely because I was alone.

Then why did you feel that way?

I ask.

…

Aoi pauses for a moment to gather her thoughts.

I didn't understand it myself at first. I mean, I felt this way outside of practice as well. When I was at home or even at school talking to my friends… I felt like something was missing.

…

But then I finally realized what it was.

Aoi looks down and lowers her voice.

Not being able to see you or hear your voice is what made me feel sad and lonely…

She says.

Aoi…

*whoosh* *rustle*

A breeze blows through the shrine, rustling the leaves in the trees.

She felt sad and lonely because she couldn't see me or hear my voice?

…

…

Man, if that's not adorable then I don't know what is!

Joy fills my heart.

Fujita…

Aoi says out of the blue with a serious look on her face.

Uh, what is it?

There is something I would like to tell you.

Something you want to tell me?

She looks me right in the eye and nods.

What could it be?

So…

Yeah?

I…

…

I…

…

…

…

Aoi's tiny body trembles.

I can see my reflection in her slightly teary eyes.

Her nerves are starting to make me feel uneasy myself.

And eventually…

…

She sighs quietly.

…I'm going to say it.

She says as she relaxes her shoulders.

I like you.

…

That is how I truly feel.

…

I had made up my mind to tell you once you returned.

…

I know this sudden revelation may be troubling, but I wanted to be honest with you.

…

I don't want to keep any secrets from you. I want us to be able to talk freely about anything. So…

Aoi…

Th-That's all…

…

…

…

…

Aoi musters up the courage to tell me her feelings and then finds herself unsure of what to do next.

Still experiencing the moment, I'm at a loss for words.

*whoosh*

The wind blows past across the violet-tinged dusk sky, bringing through the fragrance of the green leaves.

Eventually…

You got me there…

I sigh in response.

That's not fair.

Hm?

You beat me to it.

What?

I'm sure you realized how I felt about you.

I look up at her bashfully, scratching the tip of my nose.

…

…Wait. Were you completely oblivious?

No, well, um…

Aoi glances down.

To what, exactly?

She looks confused.

I drop my shoulders in a huff and chuckle in exasperation.

I thought there was no point in announcing it now since it was completely obvious.

Hm?

I've been in love with you this whole time, Aoi.

What?!

I thought my reactions made it pretty clear.

Y-You, uh…

I burst out laughing.

Actually, you are pretty thick when it comes to these kinds of things.

I smile teasingly.

S-Sorry…

My jesting makes her look even more remorseful.

I was planning to tell you eventually, but I thought it was still a little too soon.

What?

Well, you've got a lot to deal with in the lead up to Extreme, so…

My intention was to just be by her side and support her for the time being, and I was happy with that.

I was planning on waiting for the right moment once things had settled after Extreme before telling you how I felt straight up.

…S-Sorry.

I chuckle.

What are you apologizing for?

I place my hand on Aoi's head.

I'm the happiest guy alive right now. I could practically fly around the place in joy.

…

Can you blame me? The girl who I think is the cutest and the most special just told me that she likes me.

Oh…

Hehehe…

I hold Aoi's hand and chuckle to hide my embarrassment.

We lock eyes.

And squeeze each other's hands tight.

I feel a bond stronger than ever before.

…Um, Fujita?

Hm?

Do you mind staying out a little later today?

Why?

There's so much I want to talk to you about and tell you.

Sure! I'll stay with you for as long as you like.

I nod.

Thank you very much.

Aoi grins.

The sun is almost entirely set.

We chat away while we watch the sky.

I've been thinking.

About what?

About how this school club would have turned out had you never joined.

If I never joined?

Yes.

Who knows, huh?

It probably wouldn't have continued this long. That's what I think.

Why?

Honestly, the idea of quitting had crossed my mind many times.

…

I was always in my head until recently. I didn't know if what I was doing was right or wrong…

That's why I was very much torn when Yoshie told me to quit.

…

Could I really recruit other people? Would this ever help me rise to Ayaka's level? Maybe I should just quit…

…

So many thoughts crossed my mind. As I agonized, nothing but worry filled my heart… It's pathetic, I know.

Isn't that to be expected, though?

What?

People who try their hand at something new mull over lots of things and are filled with worry.

…

I think people who can overcome that and have the resolve to push forward are the ones who actually get stronger.

…

Look at me talking like I'm some wise big shot.

Aoi giggles at the way I avert my gaze in embarrassment.

But I think you're right. That's how everyone grows and becomes stronger.

…

And I was able to overcome this period thanks to you.

Me?

Yes.

She nods emphatically.

When I found myself lost, confused, anxious, and ready to quit, you were there to give me that nudge forward. A decisive push, reassuring me that I made the right choice.

…

It's strange. When you encourage me, it's almost unfathomable how quickly the clouds in my mind clear. In fact, they're replaced with the confidence that I can succeed.

Aoi grins.

Heh, you sure do have a way with words.

That's why I feel as though I can do anything if I have you. I have the confidence to make my club succeed, to rise to Ayaka's level someday, and, and…

She turns to look at me.

I might even be able to become Super Aoi Matsubara.

Super…?

Ehehehe.

She giggles bashfully like a child.

She's so cute I could almost explode.

Yeah? Super, eh?

I find myself pulling her in for a hug and stroking her head.

That's my Aoi…

F-Fujita…

Aoi blushes and doesn't know what to do.

She eventually looks down and then…

…

She relaxes and rests her head in my chest.

My little cutie.

I play with her arms.

Fujita…

Hm?

I hope our relationship grows so that we will encourage each other whenever we feel close to defeat or a breaking point.

Aoi…

I nod.

Yeah.

I say as I hug Aoi's head to my chest.

As of today, we'll keep working hard with the added power of love. Now let's focus on Extreme in the fall.

F-Fujita…

Alright! Let's get into training, starting tomorrow! Oh! See that? Konta's rooting for you too.

I press the plushie against Aoi's cheek.

Aoi feels the tickle of the plushie and lights up with joy.

Yes, let's devote ourselves to training, together!

She nods enthusiastically and beams.

Aoi couldn't be any cuter.

Time passes, and then one day…

My partner, Aoi, is working hard at training as usual today.

She's got her usual serious face on.

Sweat sprays with every punch she throws.

The sight of her practicing gets me fired up too.

I haven't been a silent bystander lately myself.

Aoi coaches me as I train and polish my skills every day.

I wanna get strong, fast.

I at least want to be good enough to be her sparring partner.

Wait…

Maybe I am good enough now.

Aoi did say that I had good potential.

Alright. It doesn't hurt to try.

Aoi.

…Y-Yes? What is it?

How about we have a sparring session together?

What?!

I've gotten pretty strong, so I think I could take you on.

But…

It'll be fine. You even said yesterday that I'd improved a lot.

Well, yes, but…

Relaaax. Let's just do it. I wanna see how good I've become.

Very well. If you insist.

Sweet!

And so, our sparring session begins.

Don't go easy on me, Aoi. We can't test out my skills unless you give me all you've got.

…Understood.

Aoi takes a deep breath to firm her resolve.

Ready when you are!

I squeeze my fists and get into position.

Alright, here I go!

Okay!

YAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!

*thwomp*

Urk!

U-Urgh…

I feel something cold on my forehead…

What happened to me?

…a!

…ta!

…jita!

Fujita!

…Fujita! Fujita!

A…oi?

I mutter in a daze.

Th-Thank goodness. You've regained consciousness.

Aoi breathes a sigh of relief.

Her eyes are slightly teary.

Why?

She has a wet handkerchief in her hand.

That must've been the cold sensation I felt on my forehead earlier.

I'm sorry. I landed a counterpunch on you…

A counterpunch?

…

Oh, that's right.

We were sparring.

…And the fact that I'm lying here must mean that I ate a helluva punch.

I-I'm such a loser.

I wasn't expecting to land such a clean hit, so…

Aoi apologizes from the bottom of her heart.

She looks as if tears are going to stream down her face at any moment.

I put on a strong front and smile from ear to ear.

Man, that was a nice punch.

I give her an enthusiastic thumbs up.

Fujita…

Aoi presses the dampened handkerchief onto my cheek.

O-Ow, ow, ow!

Oh, I'm sorry! Does that hurt?!

Ack, uh, j-just a bit. Hah…

Aww, I'm so sorry…

The wind blows past and rustles through the trees in the forest.

It's a refreshing early-summer breeze.

It feels great.

Aoi and I are still the only members of the club.

We still haven't recruited enough members to be recognized by the school as an official club, unfortunately.

But I don't mind if it stays this way.

Going about our club activities, just Aoi and me, doesn't sound like a bad idea.

I almost feel as though it would be okay if things stayed this way.

Aoi said something in the same vein yesterday too.

She seems to feel the same way as me.

A school club with just the two of us, eh?

All the more reason for me to have to step up and support her as her partner.

There's still time until Extreme in the fall, but Aoi already seems fired up and ready to go.

I'm sure she'll get even stronger if her sparring matches are more like the real thing.

The problem is that I'm her only sparring partner…

Fujita…

Heh, you really do have a great punch on you. Have you been getting stronger lately or what?

I have you to thank for it.

I'm sure your fight against Ayaka in the fall will be a close one if you keep this up. Alright!

I get back up.

One more time, Aoi.

What?!

You caught me way off guard just now. That's not what I'm really capable of.

B-But…

No buts! Let's do this!

F-Fujita…

What happened before isn't gonna happen again. I might knock you out if you underestimate me.

Okay!

Now let's do this!

Right! Come on!

YAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!

*whomp*

Hurgh!

…Fujita! Fujita!

Aoi is one thing, but when am I ever going to be good enough to participate in Extreme…?

It's lunch time.

The weather's amazing with skies as clear as the eye can see. I decide to head out to the courtyard for the first time in a while, sit on a bench, and have lunch there.

I'm alone today.

I'd normally have lunch with Masashi, but his big sister sometimes packs him a homemade lunch. We eat separately when that happens.

I have two sandwiches and a cafe au lait.

Just a regular lunch. Nothing special.

But the cafeteria is always filled with people and isn't the best place to have a quiet lunch.

Lunch is a meal I want to relax and enjoy.

I rip open the sandwich wrapper as I bask under the glorious sunshine.

As I stab the straw into my coffee and take a sip, I think to myself that it feels pretty nice to have lunch alone every now and then, until…

…Oh, Fujita.

Aoi happens to show up.

She's holding a bag with her boxed lunch inside it.

Are you having lunch on your own?

Yeah, I guess… You too?

Yes. The friend I usually eat with is absent today. Um, may I join you?

Oh, of course. Go right ahead.

Thank you very much.

Aoi sits next to me.

Do you often have lunch here?

No, I usually eat in the classroom, but I figured the weather was nice today.

That's true. It would be a shame not to go outside when the weather is so amazing.

Aoi places her lunchbox on her lap and begins to open it up.

She lifts the lid on the lunchbox.

Half is filled with rice and the other half with side dishes.

As I stare intently…

Pl-Please don't stare.

Embarrassed, Aoi uses her hands to hide her lunchbox.

Why not? It looks really tasty. Did your mom make it for you?

Yes.

She nods.

It's impressive. There's no need to hide it.

I'm embarrassed because my lunchbox is probably bigger than the average girl's…

Her lunchbox is big…?

Pffssh…

What she said is so adorable that I can't help but laugh.

Aoi's face turns bright red.

I…

A. Say that it's to be expected because she works out a lot.

B. Joke about how big her lunch is.

You work out a lot, so of course you probably eat more than the average girl. That's still less than your average guy, though.

Y-Yes, that's right… Right?

Aoi smiles, still red in the face.

That sure is a lot! It might be the most ginormous lunch I've ever seen!

I say, jokingly.

Oh…

Aoi looks down in embarrassment.

How'd you even carry that thing to school! It's seriously humongous.

D-Do you really think so?

Of course!

…

A serious look spreads across Aoi's face as her thoughts begin to take over.

After a moment, she lifts her head.

U-Um, Fujita.

Hm?

Y-You can help yourself to anything in here. If you want, that is.

She says with a stiff smile.

Pffssh!

I try to stifle my laughter.

Pffsshhshsh…

Hm?

Ahaha… Bahaha! I was only kidding. Relax.

What?

That's not a lot at all. You train a lot, so I feel like that might not even be enough.

Oh, um…

Wait, did you think I was serious?

U-Um…

Haha! I dunno what to do about you. You're a fighter, so you need to eat more and boost your strength.

Y-Yes, but…

It's okay. I don't think your lunch is big at all. I was only teasing you just now.

Teasing…

Aoi blinks her big, bewildered eyes.

Then, she finally understands what I had been saying.

G-Gosh. You're so mean!

Aoi pummels my chest with an embarrassed (?), angry (?), happy (?) look on her face.

Bahaha! I'm sorry! I am! Gahaha! Hurgh!

I'm laughing, but Aoi's punches actually hurt pretty bad.

A-As expected.

Aoi and I enjoy the rest of our lunches together.

Some time later…

By the way, do you always have sandwiches for lunch?

Aoi asks, looking at what I have in my hand.

Yeah. Both of my parents work, so my mom's too busy to make me lunch. This is what I usually get.

Is that so…

She almost appears to feel sorry for me.

Alright, here's my chance to give something a shot.

I mean… Sure, I'd love to eat a bento lunch lovingly made for me every now and then…

I suggested with an "oh-woe-is-me" tone of voice.

Fujita…

Man, I'm sure sick of eating sandwiches…

I side-eye Aoi in the most obvious of ways.

U-Um, well, if you don't mind my cooking. I could…

You'll make me lunch?!

I say with the biggest, sparkly eyes ever, but then Aoi puts her hand over her mouth to stop herself.

Come to think of it, I'm actually not very good at cooking at all.

Aoi says with a wry smile.

Oh! I'll get my mom to…

No!

I cut Aoi off.

Cooking's not about being skilled or not! It's about heart!

Cooking is about heart…

That's right. Having a heart that yearns for others to eat your cooking. It's that motivation which brings out the best in cooking!

…

After some thought…

You're right. Then I'll make lunch for you.

Aoi smiles.

For real?!

Yes?

Yaaay!

*doot-dee-doo*

I feel as if I just heard a celebratory trumpet flourish.

But please don't expect too much of me. I'm not great with my hands…

That's totally fine. I'm happy as long as you're the one cooking for me.

Aoi smiles bashfully.

The bell rings to signal the end of class and the fight-against-hunger. Fourth period is finally over.

That's the end of class.

The teacher says as they dust the chalk from their hands.

Stand up, everyone.

*clatter* *clatter*

The students follow the Class Rep's orders and push their chairs back to stand up.

Some are still furiously jotting down notes while others continue their naps.

Bow.

And then class is dismissed.

The students scurry off in different directions.

It's finally lunch time.

Groups of friends move tables and chairs to sit together for lunch.

Let's go and buy some sandwiches.

I say as I tap Masashi on the shoulder.

Oh. Sorry, Hiroyuki. I brought lunch from home today.

Masashi pulls out a bag containing his lunchbox from his school bag hanging on the side of his desk.

Geez, again? That's happening pretty often these days.

Yeah. My sister's had a lot of time on her hands ever since she got pregnant.

Now that you mention it, that does make sense.

Masashi's big sister got married last year and is expecting a baby.

I could come with you to buy lunch, if you want.

Nah. I'm not a kid.

You sure?

Actually, maybe I'll skip the sandwiches today and have lunch in the cafeteria instead.

I clasp my hands together behind my head and leave the classroom.

I'm sure I'll see some familiar faces if I go to the cafeteria.

Maybe I'll have lunch with them.

When I get to the stairs…

Fujita.

I bump into Aoi.

She's holding a bag.

Heya. Where are you going?

Um, I was actually on the way to see you.

Me? For what?

Oh, um…

She glances at the bag in her hand and looks down bashfully before looking back up to me with a smile.

U-Um, I promised you the other day so… I made this for you…

A promise?

Made for me?

Huh? Oh! Wait, is that a bento lunch?!

Aoi nods sheepishly.

Whoa, serious?! For me?!

Yes…

A handmade bento lunch?!

YAAAAAAAY! Today's my day! I'm super stoked!

I dance about with joy, and Aoi, flustered, grabs the sleeve of my uniform.

F-Fujita, please. You're embarrassing me…

She blushes.

Oh, sorry. My bad. I couldn't help myself.

I laugh and scratch my head.

Alright, then let's dig into this. Wanna go up to the rooftop?

Okay.

Aoi and I go up to the rooftop.

The bright rays of the sun shine through as I open the door.

Aoi leaps out onto the concrete floor of the rooftop.

Gosh! The weather is lovely!

She basks in the sun and stretches her arms up.

Mm-hmm.

The bright rays of the sun match perfectly with Aoi's refreshing energy.

Over here, Fujita! Let's sit here!

Aoi points below the wire fence.

Sounds good.

We sit down next to each other.

The view of the town stretches far beyond the wire fence.

Having a school on top of a hill means that the view from the roof is breathtaking.

The view from here is fantastic!

Aoi gushes with wonder.

This is my first time on the school rooftop.

The town looks like a miniature set from up here, right?

Yes.

I wanna blow it up.

What?

Blow up the miniature set! You know? Place some explosive and BAM! Blow it to smithereens!

…Excuse me?

You don't watch the latest movies?

…No, not really.

That's the kinda stuff they do these days. They spend stacks of cash to create a set to completely destroy it. It's all the rage.

Oh, is that so?

Why don't we go see a movie sometime?

What?

As a change of pace from the training we do every day.

Oh, um, sure.

Then that's a promise.

I take Aoi's hand and wrap my pinky around hers to seal the deal.

The weather really is great, the view is spectacular, and there's even a nice breeze blowing.

And I get to feast on Aoi's cooking in this perfect environment.

Masashi really picked the perfect time to bring lunch from home.

Aoi takes out a lunchbox from her cute bag.

…Please don't get your hopes up too high.

She opens the lid and hands the box to me.

Inside is a standard selection of lunchbox goodies, stuffed to the brim.

Half of the box is filled with rice and the other with side dishes. The rice is topped with scrambled eggs and minced meat. A Hamburg steak, wieners, minced pork katsu, and a croquette make up the side dishes.

Wow, this is a feast!

I pick up my chopsticks.

It may look impressive, but it's really nothing. The croquette's just a frozen one…

Haha, but that's what makes a boxed lunch! Wait, what about this Hamburg steak…?

Oh, I made that myself. The shape's a little wonky, though…

That's not true. It looks really tasty. And I'm impressed that you made it yourself. What about this pork katsu?

Um, yes. That too…

You made it?

Yes.

That's some serious time and effort. You even cut the wieners into little octopuses.

To be honest, my mom helped me with most of this.

That's how a family's recipes get passed down. From mother to child and child to grandchild. I'm sure this boxed lunch is filled with flavors spanning generations of your family.

No jibes about the fact that hamburg steaks and wieners didn't exist way back then.

Anyway, time to dig in!

I think I'll start with the handmade Hamburg steak.

*homphf*

*munch, munch*

Aoi nervously stares at me with a worried look on her face.

*gulp*

Yum! Yeah, this is great!

R-Really?

Yeah, for real! I'm dead serious! Awesome job!

Goodness, I'm so glad!

Aoi says with joy, relieved to hear my response.

I didn't know what I'd do if you didn't like it.

It's really good. You should have some too. Here.

Ah, yes. Thank you.

This is legit really tasty.

I'm not even being polite. It really is delicious.

Aoi, the so-called bad chef.

She put her heart and soul into cooking for me. That must've added to the flavor and made it taste extra good.

My hands keep bringing food to my mouth and I finish the entire bento lunch in no time.

Thanks for the meal!

I finish eating and pack up the lunchbox.

Seeing you so pleased makes me really glad I made this for you!

She grins.

That smile of hers makes my heart skip a beat.

Oh, yeah.

She was so passionate about recruiting me, so maybe I'll head over to check out Aoi's club.

I don't know if I'll join, but I should at least see what the club's about.

It's not like I have anything better to do.

I head over to the training grounds Aoi mentioned.

There's an old shrine behind the school.

I have no idea who or what is worshipped at this small, run-down shrine.

With barely a visitor around, the shrine has become all but an empty lot.

Aoi, the avid martial artist, apparently practices here after school every day…

I drop by to see her, but looking around, Aoi is nowhere to be found.

Hmm, strange.

Maybe I got here before her.

Oh well.

I'll wait for a while and just leave if she doesn't show up.

I sit on the stairs to the shrine's main hall, waiting for her.

How many members does her club have?

Aoi mentioned not having enough members to be recognized as a school club, so that means it's a pretty small club.

And she made it sound like she was a representative of the club, but I don't know about that.

Hmmm…

I actually don't really know much about the club at all.

As I think about that…

*wham*

The clear sound of something being hit echoes around the area.

*wham*

*wham*

It continues to ring out at regular intervals.

*wham*

Huh?

What's that sound?

Where's it coming from?

The sounds appear to be calling for me. I walk in the direction of the sounds and find…

Oh, Aoi!

*wham*

Aoi is there on her own practicing her kicks on a punching bag.

The thumps I heard are the sounds of her giving the punching bag a good beating.

*wham*

With every powerful kick, the punching bag hanging on the tree branch sways.

Her kicks are so strong that I find it hard to imagine them coming from her tiny body.

*wham*

A high roundhouse kick with her back leg.

Karate style, perhaps?

Her kicks are fast and crisp.

She puts so much force into them, but she never once loses balance.

Her form is clearly amazing, even to my amateur eyes.

Wow, she's incredible…

A gasp of awe escapes me.

Honestly, when I heard that she practiced karate, I didn't think much of it since she's a girl and all.

Boy, was I wrong.

She's a bona fide fighter.

*wham*

Um, Aooooi?

I call out to her meekly so as to not startle her.

*wham*

But she doesn't notice.

She seems really focused.

I try calling out to her again.

Aoooooi.

*wham*

Her powerful kick drowns out my voice and she doesn't hear me.

Maybe I'll try yelling louder…

…

But I decide against it.

I don't want to interrupt her when she's so focused on her training.

I'll wait quietly until she takes a break.

*wham*

*creak* *creak*

The chain attached to the punching bag lurches.

*huff, huff, huff*

Aoi latches onto the swinging punching bag to stop it as she pants.

*huff, huff, huff*

Her shoulders heave dramatically.

After a short break, she picks up the gym towel at her feet and wipes the sweat from her brow.

Looks like she's about to take a proper break.

Time to call out to her.

Hey! That was some impressive kicking.

Aoi finally notices me this time and turns to look my way.

Oh…

She seems a little surprised to see me.

Yo!

I wave.

Fujita!

A smile spreads across her face and she jogs over to me.

You came!

I thought I'd have a little look.

Thank you very much! I'm glad you did!

Aoi wipes the sweat off her brow.

You're actually the first person to come and see the club.

What? Seriously?

Yes, which is why I am absolutely thrilled.

I’d like if you didn’t limit yourself to just watching and joined my training too. I think experiencing training leaves a different impression than simply being a part of the audience.

I suppose…

I nod with a forced smile.

But I think I really will just watch today.

Really?

You can go ahead and continue training. Pretend I'm not here.

Very well… But, um, I was actually thinking of taking a break right now.

Yeah?

Yes.

Aoi replies sheepishly before taking a seat.

By the way…

I start.

What?

I don't see anyone other than you.

I say, looking around.

Uh…

Where are the other members?

Oh…

Are they taking the day off?

N-No, that's not quite the case, um…

Hm?

…I'm still the only member of this club.

The only member? It's just you?

Yes…

Aoi nods bashfully.

Ohhh, and here I was thinking that this was a club formed by a number of like-minded people.

If only that were the case…

Wow, so it's just you. I can see why you were so fired up trying to recruit people.

Yes. A minimum of five members is required for a club to be recognized by the school…

As such, my club needs another four people.

Correct. Only four more people, but I'm finding it quite hard to recruit four people.

Aoi looks up and sighs.

Gaining the school's approval would apparently give us access to a club room and training space.

We would be able to practice on rainy days, buy equipment for training using club funds, and even have a changing room to change into our gear…

Now that she mentions it, where does Aoi get changed if she doesn't have a changing room?

In this forest, maybe?

…

Well that's neither here nor there.

In any case, I can't continue on my own. If I at least had another person, one of us could wear kick mitts or do other things to make training more effective…

Hmmmm…

But…

Aoi takes in a deep breath and then smiles as if she had composed herself.

I intend on pushing through somehow, even if I have to do it on my own.

Yet something about her smile doesn't feel quite right.

Okay! Break time's over!

What? Really?

Yes. It's better to get back into training before the sweat completely subsides.

Oh, okay.

Now then, since you are here today, I will show you a variety of basic moves through karate kata.

Aoi takes a step back.

She inhales deeply and then assumes her stance.

I shall now begin!

Aoi proceeds to show off various moves while explaining them in easy-to-understand terms for an amateur like me.

I had originally planned to give her club a quick look before going straight home, but I end up staying with her as she trains until the sun sets.

Thank you very much for taking the effort to come today, Fujita. I enjoyed myself quite a lot.

Oh, really?

Yes. Please do come again if you like. I take Mondays and Wednesday off for personal reasons, but I'm here practicing every other day of the week.

The crimson rays of the setting sun shine onto Aoi's cheeks as she smiles.

Y-Yeah.

I can't give a clear refusal with her smile beaming at me, and I end up replying vaguely.

I wonder if Aoi's working hard behind that shrine today too.

A flashback of Aoi quietly striking the punching bag on her own fills my head.

She's so genuine, devoted, and hard-working. The type of girl you would want to throw your support behind.

Fate must have brought us together, so I want to help her with the founding of her club somehow.

Come to think of it, she did invite me to visit again as I left last time.

I'm sure there was at least some expectation for me to join the club with that invitation.

Or maybe she's still practicing now, waiting for me to appear.

…Ok

But then what should I do if I go?

I can just drop by to watch like last time, but that might be pretty intrusive to her practice.

The best option is obviously for me to join the club.

Her top goal is to at least recruit enough members to be recognized as a club.

While joining the club might be easy, the problem is what to do after that.

I don't have any experience in combative sports, and I can't say I'm too motivated to learn either.

Compared to that, Aoi is practicing passionately every day so that she can enter that "Extreme" tournament.

Having a half-hearted loser like me next to her as she works her butt off will probably do more damage than good.

Joining the club is off the table.

But if I had no intention of joining the club, then it's best that I don't lead her on and get her hopes up.

Yeah, I probably shouldn't go.

So… I'm sorry, Aoi.

I want to help her, I really do, but we live in completely different worlds.

She's probably better off recruiting people with actual skills rather than an amateur like me.

Still, no matter how many excuses I make, I can't help but think about her. So, I end up visiting her anyway.

I don't know if it's her charm that's luring me in, or if I'm just too curious for my own good.

In any case, I'm at the shrine again, so I might as well pay her a visit.

I head over to the training grounds.

Haaa!

*wham*

Aoi's training at the same spot as last time.

Striking with her intense force, as usual.

A high roundhouse kick.

A speedy kick that utilizes the rotation of the hip, knee, and toes of the pivoting foot, apparently.

It has a high knockout rate and is a signature move of Aoi's that she often uses in fights, according to her.

The kicking leg remains bent at the knee until just before it lands. Stretching it out as it hits is the key to boosting its power, I think.

As I approach, Aoi turns around before I can call out to her.

Oh.

Her eyes widen, and a big grin stretches across her face the moment she sees me.

Fujita!

Hey! I see you're training hard.

Aoi stops her training session and runs over to me.

You've come again!

She seems genuinely happy.

Her smile is so big, that it's as if she had been waiting for me.

Or maybe she really had been?

That's possibly why she noticed me the moment I arrived.

That gets me pretty stoked to think about, if that's actually the case.

I'm sure her joy is just over the fact that her club will be getting a new member rather than my being here itself.

But her eyes are filled with so much joy.

I really do think she wants me to join the club.

I feel really bad leading her on, so I'll tell her straight up right now.

I just want to make it clear right now that I don't intend to join the club.

…That's at least what I should say, but I can't bring myself to say that to her when she's making that face.

Are you here to watch again today, or…?

Aoi asks.

Would you like to join, perhaps?

O-Oh, no, I just dropped by for a bit to see your face today…

I awkwardly smile.

To see my face?

Yeah, I want to see the look on your face while you're hard at practice.

What?

Aoi's eyes widen in disbelief.

Her cheeks gradually begin to redden, and she looks down.

P-Please don't tease me like that.

I didn't mean to. I genuinely just wanted to watch you train, honest.

Wh-Why? Don't you find it boring just merely watching me?

Aoi looks at me with downcast eyes.

No, it's entertaining. I never get bored watching you practice.

Huh? Why's that?

Hmm, I guess I'm interested in you because there aren't many girls out there like you?

There aren't many…girls out there like me?

I mean, it's pretty rare to find a girl unleashing karate moves onto a punching bag on her own until the sun goes down all the time, no?

I say.

I-I suppose so. A normal girl wouldn't be punching and kicking a punching bag in a place like this.

Aoi laughs awkwardly.

You're right. I am odd.

Oh…

I find myself at a loss for words.

Crap. Me and my big mouth.

But Aoi reassures me with her bright smile.

I know quite well that I'm odd. I don't think on the same wavelength as others around me.

N-No, that's not…

But I really do love what I do and I can't stop myself from doing it.

Aoi slowly drops her gaze.

I don't know much about what the average girl finds entertaining.

I can't keep up with over half of what the girls in class talk about and my friends often say that I'm missing out on a lot of things.

Aoi then lifts her head back up.

But.

She looks me square in the eyes.

I still know a number of joys in life that the average girl doesn't.

The satisfaction of gradually getting stronger every day, the joy of winning a fight through the results of hard work… The average girl would never get to experience that. Don't you agree?

Yeah.

That's why I focus on believing that I am not wrong, despite knowing well and true that I may be odd. I make an effort to believe that I should just be myself.

Right.

I feel like I'm the most genuine version of me when I'm practicing martial arts.

Yeah.

I feel as if there's a light burning within Aoi's eyes.

A light of strong resolve staring straight at her dreams and goals.

It's shining so brightly.

Aoi is the epitome of cool.

Oh, my apologies. Look at me rambling like a fool…

She clasps her hands together and looks down in embarrassment.

"I should just be myself," hm?

Yeah.

I know exactly what she means.

Knowing how hard-working Aoi is gives those words far more weight.

Pl-Please say something. Your sudden silence is unnerving.

Sorry, it's just that you're so radiant.

What?

People seem to shine their brightest when they're working hard towards some kind of goal. And you're a great example of that. You're really dazzling.

G-Gosh, Fujita…

Aoi's cheeks turn a deeper shade of red.

I like you.

What?!

Aoi looks startled.

Oh, uh, I don't mean it like that.

Whoops, I might've given her the wrong message.

No, err, what I mean is…

A. I like how hard working you are.

B. I like how you look when you're practicing martial arts.

C. I like your notion of striving to be yourself.

I like how hard working you are.

Hard…working?

Yeah, you always give everything your all, whether it's training, recruiting people for your club, or even the way you're talking now. It's really refreshing.

I could learn a thing or two from you.

R-Really?

Yep.

I'm someone who generally doesn't have any talent, so I need to work hard or I fall behind the average person.

Aoi smiles as if embarrassed.

I end up staying with her as she trains until the sun sets, again.

I like how you look when you're practicing martial arts.

…Really?

Yeah, so you've got nothing to be embarrassed about. It's like you really shine when you're training, like you seem so alive. It's when you seem the happiest.

I don't think the girls in your class would ever have that look on their faces.

Do you really think so?

I do. That's why you should keep training with confidence.

I will. Thank you very much. Your kind words make me so happy.

Aoi beams.

I end up staying with her as she trains until the sun sets, again.

I like your notion of striving to be yourself.

I say.

The truth is that everyone has that resolve inside of them.

What?

Everyone has their own set of values and while they should stick to them, they're sometimes unable to be upfront about acknowledging them because they don't want to stand out from the crowd.

…

But you're able to assert yourself. I'm envious of your confidence.

R-Really?

Yeah, I'd like to replicate that myself.

G-Gosh, I'm really no one special…

She smiles bashfully.

I end up staying with her as she trains until the sun sets, again.

Alright, I think I'll head over to see Aoi.

Hiya! I'm talking to you, boy-o there with nothing better to do.

I hear someone casually calling out to me from behind as I leave the shoe lockers.

It's Shiho.

Where are you rushing off to?

None of your business.

Well aren't you a little grump? Would it hurt to be a little nicer?

Not planning on it.

Ugh, you're so rude.

Yeah, yeah. So what does 'girl-with-nothing-better-to-do' want with me?

Did I stutter? I asked you-where are you going?

And did I stutter? I said it's none of your business.

What am I, a broken record? Can't you say it more nicely?

…

I let out a big sigh.

I don't have the time to keep up this stupid argument with you, alright?

I say, turning to leave.

Oh-ho? So you're off to have some fun on your own then?

What's your deal?

Did you think I hadn't noticed? What've you been doing sneaking off on your own after school?

Like it matters to you…

Could it be a G-I-R-L?

Shiho asks with a cheeky grin.

I flinch a little.

O-Oh please, as if. And I haven't been sneaking around.

Then what've you been up to?

I've just been dropping by to take a look at an after school club.

A club, Hiro? You're a junior and you're thinking of joining one now?

Why not? Leave me alone.

What kind of club is it?

A martial arts one.

Martial arts?

Not just a regular one, but a mixed martial arts one. It's the thing now.

Huh?

Shiho furrows her brow in confusion.

It's not like you'd understand-you're just a girl. Hold up, that includes Aoi too. I retract that statement. Let me correct myself: Someone like you would never understand.

…

And you know what, Shiho?

Wh-What?

Why don't you quit loafing around and try applying yourself properly to something?

Excuse me?

Use your adolescence to shine brighter.

What are you talking about? Do you have a fever or something?

A fever? Yeah, maybe. A fever from the fiery blaze of passion!

…Yeah, the fever has clearly gone to your brain.

I laugh heartily, turn away, and then leave Shiho blinking in confusion behind me.

I stay with Aoi as she trains until the sun sets, again.

As the crimson flames of the sky begin to fade with the setting of the sun, Aoi carries out her final drill of the day.

Aoi's shadow as she kicks the punching bag stretches so long that it reaches me where I'm sitting under the tree.

Sweat pours from her face with every whole-hearted kick.

And here I'm just staring at her, not moving a single muscle.

…

Why don't you quit loafing around and try applying yourself properly to something?

Excuse me?

Use your adolescence to shine brighter.

Shine brighter, hm? Who did I think I was?

I mutter as I watch Aoi devote herself to practice.

When it comes to loafing around every day, I'm no better than Shiho.

My youth is rotting away.

Fujita.

Aoi breathlessly calls out to me.

Wha?

I'm lost in my thoughts and respond like a doofus.

Um, the sun has almost set, so I was thinking of calling it a day and going home.

O-Oh, yeah, of course.

I compose myself, get up, and brush the sand off my butt.

Aoi begins to pack up.

She neatly folds her towel, puts it in her bag, and then lowers the punching bag from the tree branch with a thud.

The punching bag is always stored under the deck of the shrine's hall after practice.

I'll take that.

It has to weigh nearly 90 pounds.

A girl would definitely find this heavy, so it's the least I can do. I put it away last time as well.

Sorry for always making you help me.

It's fine, really. Hup!

I pick up the heavy punching bag and carry it over to the hall…

And into the plastic bag and under the deck it goes.

That should do it.

I return to Aoi.

As I make my way back to the forest, I find Aoi standing in the shadow of the tree, fidgeting.

Upon closer inspection, I realize that she has her hand under her skirt and is in the middle of taking her gym pants off.

She slides them down her thighs and off her ankles.

Aoi puts the gym pants into her bag and then grabs her skirt, flapping it about.

Then, she finally notices my gaze.

Oh my gosh, w-were you watching this whole time?!

She rushes to hold down her skirt and turns my way with a look of both embarrassment and anxiety.

Her face is red.

Well, err…

I try to laugh it off.

H-Hahaha, I-I guess I was. Guess you'd get all hot and stuffy if you kept those on, huh.

…

Oh.

Wh-What the heck is even coming out of my mouth?!

…

…

The wind blows by.

Oh, I know.

There's something more important I want to tell Aoi.

I gather myself and clear my throat.

Say, Aoi?

The tone of my voice sounds more serious than usual.

Yes, what is it?

Aoi stands up straight and looks me in the eye.

…I've actually been thinking this whole time.

Yes?

I was wondering if I could train with you.

What?

Aoi is taken aback.

I mean, I'm a guy and all, so I can't sit still. It's not fun just watching.

R-Really?

Yeah.

I give her a firm nod.

After some time passes…

Oh…

Aoi's face lights up like a flower blooming.

A-Are you saying that you will join my club?!

…No, I haven't decided to join yet. But what about a trial membership? Could I do something like that?

Absolutely! That is definitely an option!

Then count me in as a trial member.

S-Sure!

Aoi takes a deep breath and places her hand on her chest.

You will be joining me for practice starting from next time. I am happy to hear this.

Well, I might cause you trouble, but I'm in your trusty hands.

I chuckle.

But why the sudden change of heart? Is there some kind of reason behind this?

A reason? Well, if I had to say then…

A. It's because I want to learn more about combative sports.

B. It's because I got bored of just watching.

C. It's because I want to get to know you better.

I guess it's because I really do want to learn more about combative sports.

I say.

I've always been a fan of combative sports and I thought it'd be fun to learn a few moves.

I see.

Aoi grins.

You said it yourself. There's a lot to combative sports and that the more you train, the more interesting it becomes.

The satisfaction of getting stronger every day and the joy of seeing your hard work pay off.

I want to experience some of that myself.

Fujita…

Aoi mutters with her hand on her chest as if she had been overcome with emotion.

Very well! I will do my best to ensure that you realize some of the joy of combative sports!

Looking forward to it.

Yes!

Aoi nods enthusiastically.

Honestly, it's because I've gotten bored of just watching.

I say.

Aoi nods in agreement.

That makes sense. Martial arts really aren't fun unless you are participating yourself.

Yeah. When I watch you train with all your heart you make it seem like so much fun.

Yes! It's a lot of fun!

Aoi flashes her dazzling smile at me.

I want to experience that fun for myself.

Aoi nods.

I don't know if it's for me yet, but I want you to let me join on a trial basis for now.

Okay, understood! I'm still very happy to hear that! Ecstatic, even!

Aoi says with a grin.

I guess it's because I want to get to know you better?

I say.

You want to get to know…me?

I nod in affirmation.

I've only been an observer, so I still feel like an outsider. I feel like I might get closer to you if we practice together.

Closer to me?

I think fate brought us together, so I want to get to know you better.

Fujita…

Right?

I smile and Aoi returns the gesture.

Right!

I've always had a thing for combative sports, and I was thinking it might be good to get my body moving too.

Yes, I'm sure you will love it.

'It' being you?

I say it teasingly.

What?! Oh, no! I meant combative sports! Gosh!

Aoi looks adorable smiling bashfully.

Okay, time to head to the martial arts club for practice.

I'll be training too, starting today.

Today's the day I begin my training in combative sports, just like we decided last time.

Aoi will be my instructor, obviously.

On my first day of practice, Aoi plans on teaching me the basics of karate.

Aoi's been practicing her original style of combative sports, a mix of various martial arts. But karate is what she practiced from a young age, and it's formed the foundation of her fighting style.

Aoi and I change into our gym clothes and head over to the training grounds.

Now then, I shall now explain to you the correct way to hold your fist.

How to hold my fist?

Yes. In boxing, you only squeeze your fist when landing a hit, but karate requires you to hold your first firm at all times to prevent injuries to your hands and wrists.

I see.

Starting with your pinky, curl each fingertip into the base of your fingers and squeeze your fist tightly.

Pushing the base of the fingers…

That's correct. Now, push your thumb against your index and middle fingers firmly.

Like this?

Yes, just like that.

It's like I'm holding my own fingers.

The knuckles of your index and middle fingers are what actually make an impact when you punch. It's the hardest part of your fist.

I see.

Also, when you throw a punch, don't ever bend your wrist as it will send the impact to it and may lead to injury.

Got it.

She also teaches me the basics of how to stand and assume the proper stance. Aoi completely neglects her own training and teaches me everything from scratch in great detail.

The shortcut to progress is to master the basics. Repeat the same thing over and over again to teach your body how to move efficiently.

Over and over again…

Um, please don't view practicing the basics as a chore. Even the most experienced fighters go back to the basics. It's within the basics that you will learn everything.

Okay.

The basic stances…

The Sanchin stance, Zenkutsu stance, and Kokutsu stance…

The basic blocks…

The jodan-uke, soto-uke, and uchi-uke…

The basic techniques…

The chudan-tsuki, jodan-tsuki, and ago-uchi…

The practice is REALLY bland.

To be completely honest, I want to do more intense training like punching and kicking the punching bag.

On the other hand, I understand the logic that the basics are what's most important.

Aoi is doing her best to teach me, so I should just listen to her and follow her instructions.

The sun ends up setting with Aoi spending the whole time teaching me the basics.

Once we finish up and are ready to leave, Aoi turns to me with a smile.

You have a knack for this, Fujita.

What?

You practiced each and every one of your basic techniques with excellent form. I found it hard to believe that this was your first time.

Really?

Yes. You seemed to understand how to shift your weight and how to relax.

Nah…

She might just be saying that to be polite, but a compliment's a compliment.

I respond bashfully.

A. All that watching you practice wasn't for nothing.

B. You're a good teacher, Aoi.

C. I'm confident in my aptitude for these kinds of things.

Heh! Well, I didn't watch you practice for nothing. I've been image training every day as I watched you perform your techniques.

Image training? Do you mean practicing in your head?

Yup. I was pretending to stare at your quads and gym pants, but I was actually studying your attacking stance and timing.

I-Is that so? Th-That makes it all the more impressive.

Uh, really?

Yes. Learning by merely observing someone training just goes to show that you have a knack for this.

Haha, you think so? I don't know if it's a matter of having a knack or not, but I've always been quick to pick up on things that I'm interested in.

I'm certain you will reach my level in no time. If you practice your basics properly and build up your muscular strength and stamina then I have no doubt that you will get stronger!

Really? Then I'll give it all I've got!

Yes, we can do this together!

You're a good teacher, Aoi. Everything you say is precise and easy to understand.

I-I'm just teaching you what I was once taught…

Look at you being all humble again!

M-More importantly, I really do think that a person's understanding of their body is important in physical activities like this.

I wouldn't say I have any special understanding…

More specifically, I think you have a good sense of rhythm and athleticism.

Ohh. Well, I've always been quick to pick up on things that I'm interested in. It's a different story when I don't have an interest in something.

That just goes to show that you have a knack for this. I'm quite envious. I definitely don't have that.

Really? It doesn't seem that way.

I try to make up for it by working hard.

I'm sure that's your strength, Aoi. Alright! I'm gonna work hard just like you!

If you practice your basics properly and build up your muscular strength and stamina then you will surpass me in no time.

Haha, I don't know about that!

No, you most definitely will. However, skill and talent alone are not enough. You must focus on the basics if you wish to grow stronger.

You're right. I'll make sure I work hard to do that too.

Yes, let's do this together!

I mean, I do have confidence when it comes to things like this. I'm quick on the uptake. Maybe it's like you said, I've got a knack for it… Not to toot my own horn or anything.

Yes, I believe so too.

Really? You're not just being polite?

Not at all.

Then I actually might have more potential than I think?

Yes, I believe so.

AWWW YEEEEAH!

I'm certain you will reach my level in no time. If you practice your basics properly and build up your muscular strength and stamina then I have no doubt that you will get stronger!

Really? Now I'm really getting fired up!

Yes, that's the spirit!

Let's give it our all together!

Absolutely!

Alright, another day, another practice session with Aoi!

I arrive at the shrine and find Aoi already in her gym clothes. She's pulling the punching bag out from under the deck.

Yo, Aoi.

I call out to her and help her with the punching bag.

Oh! Hello, Fujita.

Hey. You're always here so early.

Yes, we don't have a lot of time to practice so I wanted to make the most of it by coming early.

You're so passionate about training. I'm really impressed.

Th-That's not true…

Aoi smiles sheepishly.

I carry the punching bag on my shoulders and set it down under the big tree.

The girthy tree has a cloth with a hook attached to it wrapped around one of its branches.

We hang the punching bag from a chain attached to the hook.

It's pretty heavy, but not so bad that I can't pick it up.

Hup! There.

Thank you very much.

No need for thanks. We're here to train together so you can save those words.

Oh, yes. That's right.

Yep.

I nod and Aoi smiles with joy.

Hehehe.

Something up?

Oh, no, well…

Hm?

It really is fun being able to train with another person.

Really?

Yes, very much so.

You're happy to have me here?

Yes.

Glad to hear it. I was actually pretty worried about that. I thought I might've been getting in the way of your training instead.

Not at all.

Aoi reassures me straight up.

It's far more fun with another person. I think I did feel lonely on my own.

Yeah?

I'm happy that she's happy.

Okay, let's get into practice.

Yes! I want you to start by going through what you learned last time.

Got it!

And so our training session begins.

I go through the basic training that I learned last time and Aoi warms up with her basic training before she gets into attacking drills on the punching bag.

*wham*

*wham*

With every crisp sound, the punching bag sways wildly from Aoi's roundhouse kicks.

The sound of the impacts are as intense as ever.

How does Aoi's tiny form produce such power? It's a complete mystery to me.

That's what makes combative sports so fascinating.

Attacking drills are an indispensable training method for combative sports that is performed with the intention of being in an actual fight.

It's said that it helps you learn the feeling of what it's like to land an attack and teaches you how to use your body weight and assume proper form, leading to increased power behind your techniques.

You can do basic training and shadow training all you want to perfect your form and boost your speed, 

but it's all pointless unless your attacks inflict heavy damage when they land.

While traditional martial arts focus on training the mind, it's important to increase the strength of your attacks in combative sports because you're actually fighting against an opponent.

After practicing individual moves such as punches and roundhouse kicks, she then moves onto practicing combos.

Just watching her training combos as if she were in a real fight gets me all fired up myself.

*thwomp* *wham*

*thwomp* *thump* *wham*

A left-right one-two punch.

An up-down one-two punch.

A jab followed by an uppercut.

A one-two followed by a hook punch.

A front kick to a roundhouse kick.

A front kick to a back kick.

A double roundhouse kick.

A one-two followed by a low kick.

A high roundhouse kick to a low kick.

A low kick to a one-two punch, followed by a roundhouse kick.

Her combos are anaerobic exercises where she holds her breath until she completes her string of attacks.

Unlike shadow training, this involves striking a punching bag, meaning she must use up a lot of stamina.

People not used to training every day would be out of breath and unable to move their arms after one round, let alone two or three.

Yet Aoi trains in a repetitive loop of one minute on, one minute off, to no end.

Her combos gradually get more intense and more complex.

I find myself forgetting about my training and becoming absorbed in watching her.

Man.

I wanna hurry up and learn the basics so I can get into punching and kicking the punching bag too!

Hm? The punching bag? Oh, go ahead. It's all yours.

What?

I test the waters by telling her that I want to try, and she lets me have a go without any issue. I'm a little taken aback.

Is it okay for an amateur like me to try?

Yes. It's very important to learn what it feels like to actually land an attack. Remember the basics that I taught you last time and try striking them into the punching bag with accuracy.

And so I stand myself in front of the punching bag.

I put on the gloves that she handed over to me.

They're the same red polyurethane gloves that Aoi always uses to train with.

The rules of Extreme allow for grappling, so the gloves leave your fingers exposed.

Apparently, I'll hurt my fists if I don't use the gloves.

Okay, I will hold the punching bag from behind.

Aoi holds the punching back to stop it from swaying.

Go ahead whenever you wish!

Go ahead, hm?

I just gotta punch it…right?

…

Standing in front of the punching bag, the simple act of punching it starts to feel more daunting than it should.

Uh…

What's the right way to punch it again?

I'm pretty sure she taught me.

Start by clenching your fists tight so that you don't hurt your wrists.

Seeing my hesitation, Aoi offers me some advice.

Oh yeah. That's the first step.

Curling my fingers to the base, starting from my pinky… There.

Strike with the knuckles of your index and middle fingers. That's the hardest part of your fist.

The knuckles of my index finger and middle finger… Here.

*thump* *thump*

Yeah, they're pretty hard.

Aoi then tells me to not punch with just the power of my arms, but to focus on twisting sideways with my spine at the center of the rotation.

I see. So I want to twist my entire body like a spring.

When your fist makes contact, turn your elbow 90 degrees from the bottom to the side. Make sure the movement is from your elbow and not your wrist.

Everything beyond your elbow remains fixed. Imagine you're wearing a kendo gauntlet on your arm.

Fixed wrist. Turn the elbow.

Now, go ahead! Hit it as hard as you can!

As hard as I can.

I may not look powerful, but I'm pretty confident in the strength of my arms.

Alright.

I'll punch so hard that I'll scare Aoi by sending her flying from the shockwave my punch sends through the punching bag!

Here I go!

Go ahead!

Take thaaaaaaat!

*thomp*

I gather all the strength I have and punch the punching bag.

Ah, yes. That was good. Very good. You put more weight behind it than I would expect an amateur to.

…

But your movement was a little exaggerated. Try punching in a more streamlined manner…

…

Um, what's the matter?

…Ye.

Ye?

YEEEEOWCH!

I cry out as I cradle my wrist.

A-Are you okay?!

Concerned, Aoi rushes over to me.

I-I'm fine. No sweat…

I awkwardly smile.

But I'm actually in a lot of pain.

I-It stung my wrist more than I expected it to…

It's likely that you didn't clench your fist hard enough. That tends to happen when you try to punch with speed.

I-I see…

Almost everyone is surprised how much their wrist takes the impact when they hit a punching bag for the first time. It reaffirms the importance of mastering the basics and strengthening your wrists.

Are you saying you always do this training?

Yes, for the most part. Running to build up my stamina and train the body is a building block of the basics.

But when do you do that? I don't see you run during practice. Do you do it after you get home?

No, I don't train once I go home. I always wake up early to get it done in the morning.

You wake up early in the morning?! Yikes! Isn't that super tough?!

Well, it's become a routine for me.

G-Gah…

She's clearly more motivated than the average person to get stronger.

Then what do you usually do after you get home?

After I get home? Well, I eat, take a bath, study…

Study as in…combative sports?

No, just regular school study. I'm not very smart, so I have to study hard to keep up with class.

Aoi smiles as if embarrassed.

Then what about on Mondays and Wednesdays when you don't have martial arts club?

I go to a mixed martial arts gym on Mondays and Wednesdays.

A gym?

Yes. More MMA gyms have opened lately, but there are still only a handful that have a girls group.

Huh. What about Sundays then?

I go to a Chinese martial arts dojo twice a month. I've only just started, though.

Chinese martial arts?!

Yes. The dojo's a little far, but the master there is an excellent one. Have you heard of Xing Yi Quan?

No…

It's a style of Chinese martial arts. I've only just scratched the surface of it, but I think it could be useful.

Wow, you sure do have a lot of irons in the fire. That means your Sundays are booked out too. You don't have any time to have fun.

I suppose so, but I do all of that out of enjoyment. It doesn't tire me out at all.

Geez…

I can't help but say-

A. You sure are impressive, Aoi.

B. I could never do all that you do.

C. Do you actually take the time to chill out?

You sure are impressive, Aoi.

Oh, d-do you really think so?

You work hard every day from morning to night. I really respect that.

Aoi smiles bashfully in response.

I-I'm someone who generally doesn't have any talent, so I have to put in more effort than the average person. That's why I…

No talent? That's definitely not true.

I cut her off.

What?

You do have talents. Not finding working hard a chore is a great talent in itself.

The ability to work hard is a talent?

Yup! Don't you remember what Confucius said? That knowing it does not compare with loving it and loving it does not compare with delighting in it.

Hm?

It means that you can't beat someone who loves what they do. So you must have a talent for martial arts if you truly enjoy practicing it.

I-Is that really so?

You enjoy martial arts, right?

Oh, yes.

Aoi gives a big nod.

Then that's a bona fide talent of yours.

Oh…

So you should have more confidence. You're my teacher and all.

I give Aoi a pat on the shoulder and she drops her head bashfully before looking up at me.

Yes, I think I am starting to feel more confident! Thank you very much!

She grins.

Practice continues until the evening that day.

As we're leaving, Aoi gives me a book about martial arts to borrow.

This book covers many of the basics of martial arts. I am sure you will pick up some things if you read it.

Ooh, thanks. I'll give it a read.

I take the book, and Aoi beams with joy.

I could never do all that you do.

I chuckle awkwardly.

That's not true. You may find it tough while you are still getting accustomed, but it will be second nature once it becomes part of your routine.

But I'm not a morning person. I'm definitely a night owl.

Doing it at night is absolutely fine. You just need to gradually ease into it. Don't jump into the deep end without learning how to swim. It's important to gradually incorporate your practice into your life.

Hmm, I guess so. You gotta build a foundation with the basics before worrying about moves and stuff…

And I believe you have a talent for it, so you will get stronger if you train your body.

You think so?

I know so! I guarantee it!

I have always been the type to be easily swayed, and she starts to convince me.

Alright! Then I guess I'll give it a shot, bit by bit!

Yes, please give it your all!

Practice continues until the evening that day.

As we're leaving, Aoi gives me a book about martial arts to borrow.

This book covers many of the basics of martial arts. I am sure you will pick up some things if you read it.

Ooh, thanks. I'll give it a read.

I take the book, and Aoi beams with joy.

Do you actually take the time to chill out?

I ask.

Chill…out?

Yeah, you know…like hanging out with friends at a fast food joint or going shopping on a weekend? You gotta relax sometimes or you'll burn out.

Doesn't all of that hard training make you tired?

W-Well…

You work hard from morning to night. Surely that stress must build up.

Aoi chuckles awkwardly.

But in the end, I'm having the most fun when I'm training like I am right now, so I don't get tired nor do I get stressed.

If anything, the training I do every day is my 'chill-out' time.

But still…

And recently…

Hm?

I feel like I have even more fun these days because I get to practice with you… Ehehe.

A-Aoi…

Oh, um! W-We should continue with our training! Please strike the punching bag again! Make sure to clench your fist tightly and keep your wrist straight.

Uh, yeah.

I blush a little and nod, which is not like me at all.

Practice continues until the evening that day.

As we're leaving, Aoi gives me a book about martial arts to borrow.

This book covers many of the basics of martial arts. I am sure you will pick up some things if you read it.

Ooh, thanks. I'll give it a read.

I take the book, and Aoi beams with joy.

Alright! Time for practice!

I pump myself up and head over to the training grounds.

But that day, something is a little different when I get to the shrine.

There's someone else aside from Aoi there. A female student I don't recognize.

Why don't you understand what I'm trying to say? It's ridiculous that someone of your talents is quitting karate over a stupid waste of time!

B-But Extreme isn't a waste of time.

It's a grand event that's held in collaboration with TV broadcasters and companies, right? If that's not a charade then I don't know what is.

B-But…

Looks like they're having a pretty big argument.

The mood's really tense…

Wait, I think I have seen her around before.

She's a junior, like me. Sakashita from Class D.

I think she's part of the Karate Club.

I hear she's pretty strong. She was chosen to represent the high school in a regional tournament as a newbie, or something like that.

She's a pretty well-known student in my grade.

But what does she want from Aoi?

I was ecstatic when I heard that you enrolled in the same school as me this year. I was looking forward to practicing karate with you again…

…

The senior members of our club were really excited too. They were thrilled when I told them about you… I guess it's my fault for jumping the gun.

Yoshie…

Aoi hangs her head with a look of ambivalence.

What's this?

Aoi and Sakashita know each other?

Sounds like they're pretty close too.

Karate must be what they have in common.

But I can't believe even you, of all people, would quit karate to play pretend fighting.

It's not 'pretend' anything!

…

Sakashita is taken aback by Aoi's sudden burst of intensity.

Oh…

Aoi looks away. She must feel awkward too.

Sakashita chuckles.

…It IS a game of pretend.

She reiterates.

…I don't know if it's mixed martial arts or whatever, but messing around like a child on an empty lot like this place is nothing but playing pretend.

…

Let me rephrase it. That Extreme tournament-or whatever it's called-is a joke if what you're doing here is of a level to meet their standards.

Y-You're wrong! Extreme is not a low-level tournament.

Top-class martial artists of all disciplines from around the world gather for it. In fact, Ayaka's-

I knew it. So Ayaka's the one who put this idea in your head.

Ah…

Aoi catches herself the moment she says the name "Ayaka."

It all boils down to you wanting to become more like Ayaka, eh?

N-No, that's not…

So you really don't care if you're practicing karate or MMA. You just want to be in magazines and have the spotlight on you, just like Ayaka.

Ayaka…?

Huh?

Who's that?

N-No, that's not…

That's exactly what you want!

Sakashita snaps.

Everyone knows that ever since Ayaka won the high school division last year, more girls from dojos across the country have been inspired to enter tournaments.

I'm trying to tell you that I…

Sakashita gives a big sigh as if to cut Aoi off.

Now she's in all those magazines and got herself a following. She's practically an idol.

…

I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that. In fact, it's impressive she's gotten all that attention by winning a tournament.

…

But from the point of view of someone who'd trained in karate with her for so long, she disgusts me.

What?

Karate is a martial art.

It's not simply a method to knock out opponents. We learn martial arts through karate. You need to honor that mentality.

That applies to full-contact combative karate as well.

Yes…

Yet Ayaka used karate as just a means to defeat opponents, win, and bask in the glory.

Now girls have flocked to aspire to be like her and follow in her footsteps.

And you're one of them!

Oh…

What do you think will happen to karate if this trend picks up more pace? Karate as a martial art will be belittled and become just another combative sport.

That's why seeing Ayaka now disgusts me! And people who follow in her footsteps like you disgust me too!

…

After a short pause, Aoi slowly lifts her head and opens her mouth slightly to speak.

I-I am not entering in Extreme because I am envious of Ayaka right now or want to be famous like her, not in the slightest.

Then why? Why would you quit karate after practicing it for so long and suddenly pick up this nonsense? It's clear to anyone that you want to follow in Ayaka's footsteps!

I am not trying to follow her, I want to catch up to her!

That's the same thing!

It is not!

Aoi responds with an intensity I have never seen from her before.

…It is not the same. I merely want to catch up to her. I want to get near her… I want to get near Ayaka!

You want to catch up to her?

Yes.

Aoi nods emphatically with a clear look of resolve in her eyes.

Ayaka has been my goal, ever since I was in grade school. I started karate because I wanted to be like her.

I think you have mentioned that to me a few times before…

That's why I've always repeated in my heart that I wanted to get near Ayaka's level. I wanted to reach her. That's all I've ever thought as I put my all into my training.

…

But then last year, Ayaka entered a world that I could never reach through karate alone.

Because she shifted to compete in that tournament instead of continuing into high-school karate.

Exactly.

That's why you want to chase her and stand on the same stage as Ayaka?

Yes.

I have no idea.

So Aoi's dreams aren't just simply focused on mixed martial arts.

The person she idolizes shifted from karate to Extreme, so she followed her.

I see.

Wait. Why am I hiding like a mouse and listening to them?

But Aoi…

Sakashita begins with a cold tone.

That means you're looking down on karate, and in turn, us as well.

What?

You're saying that now that Ayaka's gone, you don't have anyone to aspire to be in the karate world-me included.

That wasn't my intention…

It might not have been your intention, but your actions say otherwise.

Hold up.

I don't like where this is headed.

Aoi continues to hang her head low and remains silent.

Sakashita lowers the tone of her voice and continues.

It's true. Ayaka is strong and I understand why you'd want to be like her. In fact, I've never won against her in a fight.

…

But that was back when she was active in the karate community. It's different now. I myself have become stronger compared to Ayaka who uses karate as some kind of asset. I'm sure I can beat her now!

Perhaps…that is the case.

There's no 'perhaps' in it! It probably-no, it DEFINITELY is the case!

…

And I can say the same for you… You haven't made any progress either!

What?

Forget progress! You've probably gotten weaker now that there's been a lapse in your training!

I've gotten weaker?

Of course you have! Who's stronger? You doing your pointless training in this empty lot, or me who's continued her karate training? It's clear as day!

…

You might have a chance if an actual trainer was teaching you in a proper gym, but combative sports aren't so simple that you can get stronger by teaching yourself out in the middle of nowhere.

All you're doing is playing a long game of pretend!

…Th-That's not true.

And you're looking down on combative sports by choosing your game of pretend over my karate club. There's no other way to see it!

I-I…

Hey, hold up. The same can be said about you, Sakashita. Aren't you the one looking down on others?

I can't hold back any longer and step out in front of them.

F-Fujita!

Aoi's face lights up when she sees me.

You're…Fujita from Class B?

Sakashita looks at me, confused.

Wow, I must be pretty famous myself for someone as famous as you to recognize me.

You said something weird just now. What are you suggesting I'm looking down on?

She glowers at me.

I shrink down ever so slightly at her pointed eyes.

That's a seasoned karate-ka for you.

This girl's got a real mean look about her.

Well? Who or what am I belittling?

This school club.

I respond.

You think that our martial arts club is just a long game of make believe?And that Aoi's actually gotten weaker because of it?You've got some nerve saying that,when you don't have a clue, Sakashita.

…

Have you even once seen how hard Aoi works every day?

…

Have you seen how much heart she puts into her training?

…

You questioned her martial arts mentality, right? Do you think she's forgotten it?

Her resolve to get stronger and her effort and spirit to strive for that are all elite.

…

If you insist that training the mind is the ultimate goal of martial arts, then it's clear that what Aoi does is far from fun and games. It's a proper martial art in itself! I can say that with confidence!

F-Fujita…

…

…

…Fujita.

What?

You were listening from the start?

Ack.

You stayed hidden and listened the whole time?

G-Gah…

S-So what if I did?

You've been talking big as if you're some expert this whole time. What's your deal with Aoi?

Me?

Yeah.

M-Me? Well, uh…

A. I'm her coach!

B. I'm a guy who's in love with her!

C. I'm a member of this school club!

I'm her coach!

I say as a throwaway line.

You? Her coach?

That's right! It's my duty to help her become a bona fide, top-class fighter!

F-Fujita?

Listen, Aoi! I'm gonna turn you into a great fighter! Come with me on this journey!

O-Okay!

Now that's what you call the spirit of sports!

Are you an idiot or something?

…

…

Ack.

I just manage to turn the strained atmosphere into an oddly bright and hopeful one, then Sakashita goes and tears it all down.

I'm a guy who's in love with her!

I respond.

…

…

…

What?

F-Fujita.

Sakashita frowns and Aoi looks startled.

Oh.

I-I think by getting caught up in this mess I just said something really outrageous.

Th-That's not what I meant when I asked you that question.

Sakashita chuckles awkwardly.

I look at Aoi.

…Oh.

…

Aoi looks down to avoid eye contact.

N-Not good.

D-Don't get the wrong idea. I meant that I'm in love with her work ethic and spirit…

Look, nobody asked.

Sakashita says, matter-of-factly.

What I'm trying to say is that she puts so much heart into training that it's made me fall in love with that passion of hers…

…O-Okay, I get it.

Th-This is rough.

In any case, she's doing her best!

Fujita…

I'm a member of this school club!

I respond.

A member of the club?

Sakashita repeats.

That's right.

I speak with conviction and give a firm nod.

But Aoi said earlier that she's still the only member of the club.

Um, Fujita hasn't officially joined yet…

I'm an official club member.

I say with confidence.

I'm a member of the same club as her, so this conversation concerns me too, right?

F-Fujita…

Aoi mumbles with a tiny voice.

I guess…

Sakashita says with an annoyed look on her face.

We won't stand for you calling something we put our all into a game of make believe.

…

It's true that the type of training I do might seem like fun and games to you, but Aoi's different. I can say this because I've seen her close up.

Her work ethic is the real deal. The spirit she puts into her martial arts could probably stand up to any one's!

Fujita…

…

…

After a pause, Sakashita lets out a big sigh.

…Yeah, you're right. I took it too far by calling what Aoi does a 'game' when I don't know how hard she works.

Yoshie.

But I want you to know that all of the inflammatory things I ended up saying were said because I have your best interests in mind, Aoi.

I see.

Looks like there's no point in continuing this any further. I'm gonna leave now, but…you know what? I want to see for myself just how hard you've been working sometime soon.

A sly grin spreads across Sakashita's face.

Yeah? Why don't you watch today's training then?

No, we both practice martial arts, so there's a better way to test out our true abilities.

Sakashita chuckles and then looks at Aoi.

…

Aoi looks back with a serious gaze.

Wait.

D-Does that mean…?

You're not challenging Aoi to a fight, are you?

I totally am.

H-Hold up. That's way too sudden. Aoi needs to mentally prepare herself…

I didn't ask her to fight me now. I said 'sometime soon.' Didn't you hear me?

What will fighting achieve?

I want to show Aoi the truth. That her efforts are likely pointless. I'm sure that'll open her eyes to reality then.

Aoi could beat you.

Sure. If she wins then I'll have no choice but to acknowledge this club's worth.

She sure makes it sound easy.

Is it even okay for a member of the Karate Club to challenge someone of a different discipline?

They wouldn't care about a little sparring session like this.

But…

Actually… Wait, Fujita.

Aoi, who had been quiet the whole time, speaks up.

Yoshie, I accept your challenge!

A-Aoi…

If I win, then you will reconsider your stance on this club-no, on Extreme as well, right?

…Of course.

…

…

The tension in the air is thick enough to cut with a knife as Aoi and Sakashita lock eyes.

A slight grin creeps across Sakashita's face.

She seems satisfied that things have gone her way.

Whoa, hey now. This has blown up into something serious.

It's like how a shonen manga would play out.

I'm busy with my club activities, so I'll figure out a day that suits me. That okay with you?

Yes, that's fine.

Okay, then I'll let you know. Practice hard until then, Aoi.

…I will.

See you later.

Sakashita turns around and leaves the shrine.

Aoi continues to watch in silence until Sakashita is out of sight.

I've never experienced such a tense escalation of events before.

Alright!

Another day of club practice with Aoi.

Aoi's been training with more intensity ever since that argument with Sakashita.

From the start of practice, she's completely focused on striking the punching bag.

*thwack*

*thwack*

*thwack*

The sounds of her strikes are filled with a level of passion I've never heard before.

The punching bag is swaying wildly, causing the chain to creak, and the branch it's hanging on to make pained crackling sounds under the pressure.

*huff, huff*

Aoi wipes the sweat off her brow with the back of her hand.

After a short break, Aoi goes straight back to the punching bag.

Hey, Aoi?

…Y-Yes? What is it?

Aoi turns around, still breathing heavily.

Maybe you should pace yourself a little? Your body might not hold up if you keep up that intensity.

Aoi nods and then smiles awkwardly.

You're right, but could you please let me continue training as I wish for the time being? I just can't sit still.

Aoi…

I'm sorry for always trying to have my way. I really do appreciate your concern, though.

Aoi says, returning to her intense training.

*sigh* There's no stopping her.

I'm a little worried for her, but it looks like I'd be better off letting her do what she wants for now.

I should find some way to help her out.

Let's see…

A. Help Aoi with her training.

B. Buy her a cold drink.

Alright, I'll help Aoi with her training.

There was only so much I could do for her, but I wanted to help her at least a little.

Aoi.

I call out to Aoi as she continues to practice.

…Y-Yes? What is it?

Aoi stops punching the punching bag and responds between labored breaths.

Then, I speak.

I'll help you out.

Help? You mean with my training?

Yeah.

I nod.

Remember what you said before? That having another person would make training more effective?

Yes.

Then let's train in a more effective way! Let me help.

Fujita…

Aoi smiles for a moment before a troubled look crosses her face.

What's up?

I would love to ask for your help, but…

But what?

It may be a little dangerous.

Dangerous?

…Yes.

Aoi gives a slight nod.

Specifically, I want you to wear kick mitts for me.

Are kick mitts those thick pads you put on your arms?

Yes. It's a form of training where you put them on and I kick them as you move around, but you would need some experience…

All I need to do is absorb your kicks, right?

Yes.

No sweat! I've gotten the basic idea of that sort of thing from reading that book you let me borrow. My reflexes are pretty decent too.

I laugh.

…I will do my best to aim for the mitts, but I still may make contact with your body.

That's to be expected. It's not like I'm here to play around.

Are you sure?

Okay! Alright! Throw those kicks at me like you mean it!

*thwack*

*thomp*

*thomp*

*thwack*

I might've gotten carried away by offering my help, but it actually takes a lot of courage to absorb her kicks with the kick mitts.

Aoi may be a girl, but her kicks are fast and heavy.

I gradually get pushed back farther and farther.

But she isn't even kicking me at full power yet.

Her speed and power are only at 70 percent of her usual kicks.

She must be holding back out of concern for me.

Each and every one of her kicks are carefully placed to ensure that my mitts would stay on.

They weren't at all real or practical.

This training method is usually used to learn how to create openings for attacks in actual fights.

It's useless unless she kicks as if she were in a real fight.

Kick harder!

I bark.

B-But…

This is pointless unless you give it all you've got, right?

…

Don't hold back. Or do you actually think you can beat Sakashita with those kicks?

Oh…

Sakashita's been getting proper sparring and fight training this whole time. She'll pull farther away from you if you keep up this half-hearted effort!

But I don't want to accidentally hit you…

I already said it's okay if you do!

But…

Aoi insists on holding back against me.

But that makes the training pointless.

You're not playing around, right?

What?

This isn't a game of pretend, is it?

…

We're practicing martial arts-not playing pretend, right?

…

At the very least, I'm here to practice martial arts. I'm not shaking in my boots here worrying about getting kicked. I don't care if you accidentally hit me.

Fujita…

And I might be an amateur, but I don't want you to underestimate me.

I smile to try to lighten up the mood.

…

Aoi appears to make some kind of decision and nods emphatically.

Okay, I understand. I will train in earnest now.

That's the way! Give me all you've got!

Here I go!

*thwack*

*thomp*

*thomp*

*thwack*

Every one of Aoi's kicks sends a powerful shockwave through my mitts.

I move right, left, and back. It's all I can do to stop myself from getting blown away.

But I don't shy away and use my footwork, throw in some feints, and do my best to make the training feel like a real fight.

Aoi gradually starts to get into a rhythm and begins mixing in punches with her kicks to form combos.

*whomp*

*whomp*

*thawomp*

*thwack*

Urgh…

I start to have trouble withstanding her attacks.

Aoi's attacks would sometimes hit me in the shoulder, arm, armpit, and the side of my head.

That training session ends with me getting three hits in the shoulder, two in the armpit, eight in the arm, and one in the head. I eat fourteen hits in total.

I'm sorry…

H-Haha… I-It's totally fine.

Don't the spots that I hit hurt?

Haha. N-No sweat. I'm okay.

However, I'm actually in agony.

But I had a really fulfilling training session because of your help. Thank you so much!

Aoi bows deeply.

Hey, none of that now! Lift that head back up.

Okay.

More importantly, I think I get how to handle it now, so I'll be able to be a more effective training partner for you

F-Fujita…

Let's give it all we've got next time too.

R-Right! Thank you!

Guess that means I helped, at least a bit.

Alright! I'll buy her a cold drink.

I tell her that I'm going to step out for a bit and head to the school.

I buy two sports drinks at a vending machine.

When I return to the training grounds, I find Aoi still violently striking the punching bag.

It doesn't seem like she's taken a proper break since I left.

Heeeey! Aooooi!

I call out to her from behind.

Aoi stops punching the punching bag and turns around.

Y-Yes…?

I bought us some drinks. How's about a quick break?

Thank you very much, but I'd like to train a little longer…

C'moooon. You should drink it while it's still icy cold.

Aoi nods after thinking for a moment.

Yes, you're right. Thank you.

That's the way.

I hand Aoi a drink.

We sit on the steps of the shrine hall to enjoy our drinks.

Aoi must've been parched because she chugs down the whole thing.

It was a bit of a roundabout move, but I manage to get Aoi to rest and stop her from continuing to struggle on.

This trick might come in handy later.

I guess this is about all I can do for her.

Okay, time for another day of intense training.

I want to quickly improve so that I can at least be of use as Aoi's training partner.

Continuing on from last time, Aoi throws herself into training with an overwhelming intensity again.

*pomphf*

*pomphf*

*bam*

The dirt at her feet flies up with every strike of her kick.

*pomphf*

*pomphf*

*bam*

The dry, dull sounds ring out around us, and the punching bag sways.

*pomphf*

*pomphf*

*bam*

*huff, huff, huff, huff*

She strikes the bag for three minutes, rests for one, and then strikes again for three.

I count almost ten rounds of the same cycle with no end in sight.

Sure, she's resting in one minute intervals, but there's no denying the sheer volume of training she's doing.

Aoi seems intent on continuing, despite barely being able to catch her breath.

The pace of her training is even more intense this time than last time.

No matter how you look at it, she's clearly pushing herself too hard.

She'll totally burn out before her fight with Sakashita if she keeps up this level of training.

Thinking all of that to myself, I decide to tell Aoi straight up.

However…

I know very well that I am pushing myself far beyond my limits.

However, I want to be completely satisfied with my condition when I go in to fight against Sakashita. I want to do all that I can so that I leave the match with no regrets, regardless of the outcome.

She says as the sweat on her forehead glistens.

But still…

Please don't worry about me. I won't push myself so hard that I burn out.

…

Hmm, I guess I'll have to take her word for it.

I'll just let her train to her heart's content.

Besides, an amateur like me is in no position to critique her training intensity.

She knows her body better than anyone else.

And who am I to douse the flames of her burning fighting spirit?

I rack my brain trying to think of how I can help her like I did last time when…

*shwoop*

Ah!

As Aoi throws a high kick, her pivoting foot slips and she…

*thud*

…falls flat onto the ground.

A-Aoi!

I rush over to her.

Aoi's sitting on the ground rubbing her butt. She must have landed on it when she fell.

Ow…

Hey, you okay?

I go to her side and hold out my hand.

Y-Yes. It was just a little slip…

Aoi laughs sheepishly, grabs my hand, and then tries to get up.

But…

Huh?!

Her legs buckle and she loses balance.

Ah.

Once again, she finds herself plopped on the ground.

Aoi?

Oh…

What's wrong? Did you hurt yourself?

N-No… I-I'm okay. I'm fine.

Aoi quickly forces herself to smile.

You sure don't seem fine to me at all.

It's nothing, really. I just…

Just what?

I just can't seem to move my leg.

Your leg?

…Yes.

I glance over and notice Aoi's leg trembling.

Her overworked muscles must be so fatigued that they've finally stopped doing what Aoi wants them to.

I mean, that's to be expected considering how much she's punished them.

See? You really have been pushing yourself too hard. You're training with your emotions and your body can't keep up. I think you should stay down and rest for a bit.

N-No, I'm fine.

The stubborn side of Aoi had crept in from around when she told me not to worry about her.

She tries to force herself to stand up again.

But…

Ah, ack!

The moment she puts any weight on her leg, it buckles and she ends up sitting on the ground again.

Look, I told you not to push yourself so hard! You'll actually hurt yourself if you keep that up!

I scold her because she refuses to listen, making Aoi jump.

Whew…

Once Aoi gets into her head, she just can't be stopped. I don't know if that's one of her strong or weak points, though.

Being serious and focused on a goal is a great asset to have, but having that push her into stubbornness is a bad habit.

I guess I can understand why she feels anxious about staying still, especially with the pressure from Sakashita.

What am I going to do with you? Come on, stretch out your leg.

What?

I crouch down, pick up Aoi's ankle, and pull on it.

And then…

Sorry, just bear with me.

I take off her shoes.

F-Fujita?!

It's okay. Relax.

I take off her sock, grab her shin, and bend her knee to push it up.

U-Um… A-Agh…

A meek look descends upon Aoi's face.

Her knee shakes violently.

The most efficient way to recover from fatigue is to do light stretches, right?

Y-Yes, but…

I'll do the stretches that I learned in PE class. I'm going to stretch your leg, so relax your muscles.

O-Okay.

I slowly pull her leg and then stretch it.

With her leg outstretched, I proceed to press my hand against the sole of her foot and then bend her toes towards her.

This helps to stretch her Achilles tendon and calf muscles.

…Agh.

Aoi grimaces and exhales a little.

I bend her knee and stretch it.

Bend and stretch.

I do this stretching exercise about ten times before bending her toes back again like before.

After a minute of the same exercises, Aoi's knee gradually began to stop trembling.

How do you feel? Better?

Oh, yes. Much better…

Aoi nods, still looking tense.

Alright. While I'm at it…

I place my hands on Aoi's calf and squeeze a little.

Ah!

I'll massage your leg.

I start to massage Aoi's calf.

Oh, um, Fujita… Uh…

Aoi looked unsure.

Now, now, just relax. I'm great at massages. It's one of my fortes.

R-Really?

Yup.

My dad used to always make me give him shoulder massages when I was a kid.

And so, I continue.

…Agh.

I massage Aoi's leg from her foot to her knee, focusing on her calf.

My hands knead at her skin.

I loosen up her burning hot and stiff muscles.

I move in long, smooth strokes.

Using my thumb, I target the pressure points on the sole of her foot.

Aoi was tense from nerves at first, but she gradually begins to relax and the awkward stiffness from her body melts away.

Wait a second.

Because I'm massaging her, Aoi's being forced to take a break whether she likes it or not.

Nice. This is perfect.

I'll try to take up as much time as I can to force this stubborn little hard-worker to rest.

And with that, I begin to give her a proper message session.

My hands continue, moving with rhythmic, repetitive motions.

U-Um, Fujita, I think we should finish up soon…

You don't like this?

What?

I thought I was good at massages…

Oh, um. No, th-this feels great.

Really?

…Yes.

Then I'll keep going for a little longer.

I say, resuming my massage.

Ah…

Aoi lets out a little gasp.

I can't do much else for you, but I want to help you as much as I can.

…Fujita.

So let me do this just for a little longer.

…

Okay?

Okay. Thank you very much.

Aoi nods, albeit somewhat bashfully.

Alright!

It's time for the martial arts club. Off I go!

Aoi's been working her butt off extra hard lately, so I gotta help her out, even if it's just a bit.

*bsh* *dssh* *bam*

*bsh* *dssh* *bam*

The crisp sounds of strikes run out followed by moments of silence.

Where are those sounds coming from? Aoi, obviously.

She's getting some attacking drills done.

Aoi had only just started practice, but she's already going hard, as usual.

It's an intense training session to prepare for her fight against Sakashita.

Sweat sprays from her body.

The punching bag sways violently.

I can tell that her motivation is burning hotter than last time and the time before that.

*dssh* *bam*

*dssh* *bam*

A double roundhouse-kick combo.

A front leg mid kick followed immediately by a high kick with the back leg.

Her kicks snap like a whip and explode on impact.

Such power.

I completely forgot about my own training, completely drawn into the sight playing out before me.

Her combos make for a more practical training session.

Attacks are always performed in combos in an actual fight.

Combos of at least two attacks are the norm.

Through a string of attacks, blocks, and feints, you pick apart your opponent's defense as you try to open up a gap to land an effective blow.

It is vital that you practice how to naturally perform effective combos while picturing yourself in a real fight.

…That's what Aoi once said to me.

Aoi's lightweight yet explosive combinations are incredibly fast.

Her signature one-two jab followed by a roundhouse kick is particularly lightning fast and sharper than a knife.

She seems so fast from the distance where I'm standing, that I can't imagine how speedy her attacks would be up-close in a real fight.

An amateur like me probably wouldn't even have time to react.

Hmmm…

I'm reminded again of just how different Aoi's skill level is to mine.

*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*

*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*

Aoi adds a one-two jab to the double roundhouse kick combo from before.

A mid kick followed by two jabs and then a high roundhouse kick.

In an actual fight, she would use the two punches after the initial kick as feints against her opponent to stop them from getting into her in-step and then land a kick on the side of their head.

Since the roundhouse kick is a side attack on a curved plane, there's no way she can stop an opponent from charging straight at her.

This combination includes a one-two jab to make up for that weakness.

*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*

*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*

Next she does a low kick followed by a one-two jab and then a roundhouse kick.

If we simulate this in an actual fight, she would draw the opponent's attention down with her low kick to the thigh, 

move in for a one-two punch, and then finish things off with a high roundhouse kick.

Almost all of Aoi's combinations include a high roundhouse kick, which is not surprising considering it's her signature move.

Fast, sharp, well controlled, and also powerful.

It's a real knockout kick.

A must as a combo finisher.

Yeah, it's pretty sweet!

I happen to look at my watch.

Thirty minutes have passed since her last break.

Hey, Aoi? I think it's time for a break. You've been destroying that bag for almost half an hour.

What? That much time has already passed?

It sure has. If you don't take a break now you'll end up in a tired mess on the ground like last time.

Oh, yes. You're right…

We sit ourselves down.

Here's your towel.

Oh, thank you…

Aoi takes the towel and wipes the sweat off her brow.

She proceeds to stretch her arms and legs before flopping down like a marionette with its strings cut.

*huff, huff, huff*

She seems like she's used up all of her energy again.

If I hadn't said anything, she might've continued striking the punching bag until she collapsed.

Honestly now…

Aoi's got the focus of a hawk.

Normally, that would be considered a strong point, but it turns into a weakness when it pushes her to dive into training so hard that she forgets the limits of her body.

I found that out for myself last time.

I've been chiming in for her to take a break at the right time ever since.

Aoi has been listening to me ever since that incident, so there hasn't been any drama yet.

Still, I can't shake the worry over how hard she's been training lately.

Aoi never decides on a training regimen and generally trains on the fly.

So I find it hard to get an inch in when she says that she's having a good day and throws herself into a particularly intense training session.

She's had a string of good days lately, so her intensity keeps building with each session.

Even though I try to get her to take regular breaks, she's increased her overall workload, which also means her body is subjected to more and more stress.

I honestly think she's pushing herself way too hard and that she'll burn out if she keeps this up.

Should I let her be?

No, I can't.

I think to myself for a while.

Once I notice that Aoi's breathing is back to normal, I decide to broach the subject with her.

Hey, Aoi?

Yes?

I've been thinking that we should put together a proper training regimen for you to follow.

What?

You've been training on the fly this whole time, right? There's no real set time for you to rest or anything.

Right…

I know I might be worrying for nothing, but I feel uneasy watching you train.

Uneasy?

Yeah. I feel like you've been getting ahead of yourself and spinning your wheels ever since that argument with Sakashita. You just keep training harder and harder.

…

Just take professional baseball players for example. A lot of them hurt themselves during training and can't play in actual games. I'm worried that might happen to you too.

…

I read in a book yesterday that it's more effective to train in several set blocks rather than until you're completely exhausted.

…Well, yes…I do agree with that.

Then wouldn't that be better? We should put together a proper training regimen to do just that.

…

…

After a short pause…

Yes…you're right.

Aoi agrees without hesitation, surprisingly.

I'm not sure why, but she proceeds to chuckle in a somewhat forced manner.

Hm? What's up?

It feels as though the tables have been turned.

The tables?

I was the one who promised to teach you at the start, but it now seems as though you are the one who is looking after me now…

Yeah, I guess…

I laugh awkwardly too.

But that's to be expected, I think. You've got the fight with Sakashita coming up, so I gotta help you train.

Fujita…

Aoi's eyes soften as she looks at me.

Thank you very much. I feel as though I have found myself a very dependable trainer.

A trainer? Me?

…Yes, because you are helping me with my practice and keeping an eye on my condition.

Haha! Having an amateur like me as your trainer would smother all that talent you have.

I laugh.

No, that's not true!

Aoi's surprisingly adamant about dismissing what I say.

You are genuinely concerned about me, so I feel like if I'm with you then…

What…?

Oh. G-Gosh! What am I even saying?

Aoi suddenly appears to snap back to reality and cups her bright red cheeks with her hands.

Aoi…

…

…

…

After a little while…

Okay, I got it!

I slap Aoi on the shoulders.

I'll manage your training sessions from now until the day of your fight against Sakashita.

I said.

What?

I'll be shifting gears from student to trainer for a bit. I mean, that might just be a loose title since all I can do is help you with training and manage your regimen.

Fujita…

How does that sound to you? No pressure. I won't do it if you don't want me to.

N-No! I'd love you to!

Aoi stands up and says.

Thank you very much. If you are willing to do so then I would very much like to ask you to take on that role.

Then that settles it.

I stand up too.

Okay, let's put together a proper training regimen like I mentioned earlier. We'll follow it from here on out so that we can control your pace.

Okay. Understood.

I'm an amateur trainer, but I hope we can work together on this.

Yes, I look forward to it.

And with that, I become Aoi's trainer to help support her training sessions.

Alright, time for the martial arts club.

Gotta help Aoi as much as I can in the lead-up to her fight against Sakashita.

*dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *bam*

A wild barrage.

She gets in close and releases a flurry of punches! Punch, punch, and punch again!

I can feel each and every punch in my hands through the punching bag as I hold it from behind.

*dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *bam*

Five more seconds!

I say as I look at my watch.

Four…three…two…

*dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *bam*

One…zero! Last hit!

*FWOMP*

A powerful roundhouse kick to finish off the set!

*huff, huff, huff*

After her flurry of attacks, Aoi places both hands on her knees and pants heavily.

*huff, huff, huff, huff*

Her shoulders heave up and down and beads of sweat stream from her forehead.

Alright, rest for a minute and then back into another round.

*huff, huff* O-Okay.

We train in the lead-up to Aoi's fight against Sakashita following the regimen that we put together in the last session.

She's in the midst of training flurries of attacks.

The aim of the repeated blocks of concentrated attacks is to build up enough stamina for the fight.

These barrages are your classic path to knocking out an opponent in one fell swoop by getting them on the backfoot.

They allow you to constantly inflict damage against your opponent until they're knocked out without allowing them any opportunity to counter attack or dodge.

A fighter needs to build up enough stamina in order to be adept at performing flurries of attacks.

Fifty seconds have passed since her rest interval started.

Okay, let's do this again!

Right!

I hold the punching bag from behind and look at my watch.

Aoi gets up and begins to ready herself.

Five…four…three…two…one…

The second hand of the watch points to 12.

Begin!

Right at that moment, Aoi takes a swift instep to close the distance between us and starts to dish out flurries of three and four hits.

*dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *bam*

The impact of every single hit travels back to me through the punching bag.

Is that all you've got? Faster! Faster!

I yell.

*dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *dssh* *bam*

Our intense training session continues until the evening that day.

Alright! Guess I'll head over to the martial arts club.

…But first, I need to fill up my empty stomach.

The cafeteria sells sandwiches, even on Saturdays.

It stocks them mostly for the sports club members who have training in the afternoon.

And I happen to be said member.

I get my usual golden combo of a pork cutlet sandwich and a sausage roll before stopping by a vending machine on the way to the shrine to buy a cafe au lait.

Yo.

Oh! Good morning, Fujita.

Aoi arrives before me and gives me her usual cheerful greeting.

She's in the middle of doing her stretches to loosen her body.

It's already past midday, yet she still says "good morning." What the heck?

I sit down and take the pork cutlet sandwich out of the paper bag.

I haven't had lunch yet so excuse me while I eat it here.

Go right ahead. I don't mind.

Aoi says as she continues her stretches.

I open the packet and chomp into my pork cutlet sandwich.

*munch, munch, munch*

…By the way, have you heard anything from Sakashita since that day?

I ask, taking another big bite of my sandwich.

Not yet.

Not yet? What's her deal? She said she'd let you know, and you haven't heard a peep from her yet?

Yes… Yoshie, I mean, Sakashita must be busy with her karate club commitments.

You don't think she's suddenly gotten scared of how strong you might be, do you?

A-Absolutely not! That's completely out of the question.

Aoi says as she waves her hands to dismiss my ridiculous question.

I have never beaten Sakashita in a fight before, so there is no way she would be afraid of me with that track record.

R-Really?

Yes.

Aoi nods.

Out of curiosity… Is Sakashita seriously strong?

Yes, incredibly so. Ayaka happened to train at the same dojo at the time as well so she didn't quite stand out so much, however.

Ayaka…?

I ask as I rip the paper wrapper of the sausage roll.

Oh, Ayaka is someone who used to train at the same dojo as me. She's who I aspire to be…

I sense some bashfulness as she trails off.

Huh. Someone you aspire to be, eh?

Ayaka.

I've heard that name a few times before.

I think she's the girl who was the reason Aoi got into martial arts and also why she switched from karate to Extreme.

Despite the number of times I've heard her name mentioned, I've never actually met her before.

Ayaka.

I've heard that name a few times before.

I think she's the girl who was the reason Aoi got into martial arts and also why she switched from karate to Extreme.

The name makes me picture Ayaka Kurusugawa, the little sister of someone I know, but there's no way it's the same person.

Ayaka's a pretty common name, after all.

Ayaka was always first and Yoshie always came second in tournaments. I would rank far lower than them.

Far lower?

Yes, FAR lower.

She makes an effort to emphasize just how low-ranked she was.

But that was way back in the day, right? You've trained a whole lot since then.

Yes, I have.

Then you'll be fine. I see how hard you work every day, so I'm sure you've reached Sakashita's level.

I stab the straw into my cafe au lait and take a sip.

But Sakashita may have improved just as much, or maybe even more in the same time.

Ack.

Sh-She does have a point.

Let me ask you this then, Aoi. How confident do you feel about winning against Sakashita?

I ask as I move the straw away from my mouth.

My confidence in winning?

Yeah, like your predicted chance of winning.

…About ten percent.

What?!

…That's what I'd like to say, but I honestly believe my chances are a little higher.

G-Geez, don't scare me like that.

…I had always looked up to Ayaka and Sakashita, so I studied their fighting styles very closely.

As a result of that, I generally know their habits and rhythms, so that should increase my chances of winning.

Ooh, that's pretty reassuring… So what do you actually think your chances of winning are?

Objectively, about 30 percent, I think.

Aoi says as she looks down.

Thirty percent… That's still a pretty harsh assessment.

Yes, I believe that's fairly accurate. There are just too many unknowns in the upcoming fight…

Unknowns?

Such as how much I have changed since switching to Extreme style or how much actual fight experience Sakashita has gained since…

Things we won't know until the fight, right?

Right.

Aoi gives a slight nod.

But then she lifts her head right away.

However…

She speaks with a twinkle in her eye.

I will go into the fight with the mindset that I will 100 percent win the fight!

That bubbly, shining look on her face.

Now that's the Aoi I know.

You said it! That's the spirit!

I say as I finish my lunch and ball up the wrapper.

Okay, let's sink our teeth right into some training to prep for the fight! Your chances of winning increase with every minute and second of hard work you put in!

Right!

Alright, as usual, I won't go easy on you!

Okay, I'm ready!

And so, our intense training session begins.

Alright! Guess I'll head over to the school club.

Weird.

I arrive at the shrine, but Aoi is nowhere to be seen.

Where could she be?

Oh, right.

I forgot.

There's no martial arts club on Mondays and Wednesdays.

Guess I'll admire the blue skies and then go home.

I stare upwards without a thought in the world.

"Ahhh…"

Cloud-watching sure is relaxing.

I spend some time doing nothing before heading home.

Alright! Guess I'll head over to the martial arts club now.

I arrive at the shrine, but Aoi is nowhere to be seen.

Where could she be?

Oh, right.

I totally forgot.

Martial arts club is off on Mondays and Wednesdays.

How many times do I have to forget before I learn my lesson?!

*sigh*

Irritated at my stupidity, I stare off blankly towards the sky.

Fujita…?

Huh?

That voice can only belong to one person. It's Aoi.

What brings you here? The martial arts club is off today.

I'm so used to the routine that I always forget that and show up. But why are you here? Shouldn't you be training at the gym?

The training session is starting later than usual today, so I thought I'd take this opportunity to clean this place up since I train here so often.

Oh, perfect timing then. I'll help too.

What? Really?

What do you mean? I'm a member of this club too! And, more than anything, I want to clean with you.

Fujita…

Now, gimme a rag.

Oh, right. Here you go.

And so we start cleaning.

*swish, swish*

*swish, swish*

*sshhk, sshhk*

*sshhk, sshhk*

We sweep the grounds and wipe the shrine building under the blue sky.

I clean diligently with Aoi so that the shrine would bless us.

Whew, the shrine looks a lot cleaner now.

Aoi says as she wipes the sweat off her brow.

It was pretty rundown to begin with, so it doesn't look much different to me.

But it does appear that some of the grime built up over the years has come off. I'm sure the god of this shrine is pleased.

Maybe they'll grant us a wish in return.

Shall we pray to it together?

Let's do it.

*clap* *clap*

…

…

We both put our hands together and make a wish.

What was my wish?

A. I wish to get much closer to Aoi.

B. I wish to get stronger.

I wish to get much closer to Aoi…

What did you wish for?

Uh, me? Oh, err… Wh-What did you wish for, Aoi?

I wished for…

Wait, lemme guess.

Hm? Oh, sure.

Let's see. Knowing you… I bet you wished to get stronger. Am I right?

Oh, wow! That's exactly right!

Heh heh heh heh!

Aoi's thoughts are easy to read because she's so straightforward and serious.

What did you wish for?

Me? Well…

…Well?

Uh, it's a secret! They say that wishes don't come true if you say them out loud.

Oh, what? That's not fair!

*slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap*

Hurk! Gahagh…

Oh! I-I'm so sorry! I-I couldn't help myself…

A-All good… Urgh…

And then…

Oh. Eeep!

Out of nowhere, Aoi trips and falls.

Aoi!

*pomphf*

I manage to catch her just in time.

Are you okay, Aoi?

I say as I support her butt.

I flash her a smile.

The sun's rays make my teeth shine.

Fujita…

Aoi's eyes widen and begin to tear up.

I'm so sorry for my clumsiness…

Don't be. It's fine, really.

Y-You're, um, sometimes really dependable and reassuring…

Am I?

I let out a hearty laugh.

I don't really get it, but I manage to get really close to Aoi!

Maybe the gods blessed me<rep rep_heart>

In any case, I have to find a way to break out from this persona of being weaker than Aoi.

It hurts my pride.

Which means the obvious choice is…

To wish for more strength…

What did you wish for?

Uh, me? I'm embarrassed to say it, but I wished to get stronger. Heh.

What?

It'd be nice to improve a little faster, even if I have to rely on divine help.

Ehehe, I actually wished for the same thing. To become stronger.

Haha! Really? A pair of identical wishes then.

Great minds think alike.

You said it.

We laugh.

By the way, there's something I've been meaning to ask you for a while now.

Yes, what is it?

Why is it that you want to get stronger?

Why, you ask?

Yeah.

Why? Well…

I only mean for it to be a casual question, but Aoi looks down and mulls over it.

Maybe it's a difficult question to answer because of how simple it is.

After some thought…

Because there's someone I want to catch up to…

Aoi says as she raises her head.

Someone?

Yes. There's someone that I have aspired to be like for the longest time. I want to become stronger to reach her level. My idol…

Her cheeks blush lightly.

H-Her idol?

Wh-What's that person like?

Wh-Who exactly is this person…?

A girl like me who happens to be an extremely strong martial artist…

O-Oh.

Is something the matter?

N-No, nothing.

Geez, it's just a girl.

Whew, she has me sweating bullets.

I think she mentioned something along those lines before.

Someone named "Ayaka," I think?

She must be a really talented and capable girl if Aoi respects her this much.

Geez, it's just a girl.

Whew, she had me sweating bullets.

I think she mentioned something along those lines before.

Someone named "Ayaka," I think?

She must be a really talented and capable girl if Aoi respects her this much.

A far cry from the Ayaka I know.

They might share the same name, but the words "respect" and "admiration" definitely don't apply to her.

Wait, but they do have martial arts in common.

Okay, now it's my turn to ask you a question. Why is it that you want to become stronger?

Me?

Yes.

Well, uh, I want to quickly become good enough to be your training partner. I'm not of much help right now. That's about it.

Fujita…

Sounds like we're both plenty motivated to get stronger.

Absolutely.

Then we'll definitely get stronger than we are now because you gotta have the right mindset first. The mind is more important than strength or skills.

Yes, those are some wise words.

So let's keep up the hard work and get stronger.

Right!

I don't really get it, but I guess I summed things up pretty well.

It finally feels like a new semester has started, huh.

It sure does.

Akari nods as well.

The closer we get to the school, the more students in brand-new uniforms there seem to be.

The new students look like middle schoolers wearing our school's uniform. It is hard to believe I was in their shoes just a year ago.

What was it like for me?

I try to think back to how it was, but I can barely remember what happened yesterday morning let alone a year ago.

Was I like that a year ago too, Akari?

Yup. You were your usual self.

Doofus. That's not what I meant. Was I all fresh and bright-eyed too?

Hmm… What do you want me to say? You were you.

Ugh. I guess you wouldn't have known the difference since you're with me every morning.

I say, looking towards the school gates.

My eyes happen to land on a certain girl.

She seemed to stick out like a sore thumb.

Is she a freshman? Probably.

But I don't see anything else much different between her and us.

Yet, for some reason, she seems to not fit in with the scenery around her. It is as if she had been left behind.

She isn't walking particularly slowly, but other students continue to pass her.

That's how it feels…

She seems kinda lonely.

Akari says, looking at the same girl.

Oh… She does look lonely.

The reason she stands out from the others is because she looks lonely.

There must be some kind of story behind it.

The girl eventually disappears behind the school gates, and I don't think much more about her.

You know what? The thought that I get to spend this whole year with you makes me really happy.

Akari smiles.

…Where'd that come from?

I prop my elbow on my desk, rest my chin on my hand and sigh in exasperation.

I'm sure we're both tired of seeing each other's faces.

I'm not tired of seeing yours. Maybe I'll stare at it so much this year that I never wanna see it ever again.

…Do you even have any control over those words coming out of your mouth? Doofus.

It's my third day as a junior.

Come to think of it, I don't remember how many years it's been since I was last in the same class as Akari.

Was the last time when we were freshmen in middle school?

Akari and I have always gone to the same school since kindergarten, but we've only been in the same class two or three times.

Hey, wanna walk home together today?

Akari says, smiling as her eyes soften.

Huh? Why?

Why? I mean, no particular reason, but…

Akari cracks an awkward smile and then…

Hey, hey! Everyone! Listen up! I've got big news! HUGE news!

Shiho suddenly bursts into the classroom making a huge ruckus.

Everyone looks over to see what the fuss is about.

When they realize that it's Shiho…

What's the big news then, huh?

One of the guys says.

You wanna know? Then gather around and listen up.

Shiho bangs on the teacher's desk and a few students stand up to gather around it.

There are about seven or eight of them.

A bunch of curious ears, eh.

Did you hear that, Yuki? Shiho's got some big news.

Oh, please. Probably just more fake news. Go and listen in for me.

You're not gonna go?

Nah, I'm good. You can fill me in later.

You're so cold towards Shiho, honestly.

Akari chuckles as she nods and heads over to the teacher's podium.

I lay my head on my desk.

There's still some time until homeroom.

If I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times, nothing feels better than dozing off during that little window of time before homeroom.

I have no intention of listening in on Shiho's wild, baseless rumors.

Hello?! Hiroyuki Fujita! Wake up and come over here!

She calls out my name and yanks me out of my blissful daze.

Pipe down. You're got a big enough audience already.

There's no point unless you're here too. Masashi, go and bring him over. Quick!

I look over and see Masashi strolling into the classroom.

What's up, Shiho?

I'm about to reveal some really juicy big news. We're waiting for you and Hiro.

Nobody is waiting for anyone, but Shiho pulls out another one of her sneaky lies.

Oh, okay. Got it.

Masashi nods in a panic.

Shiho, you filthy liar!

Oh stop your whining and just come here like I told you to.

Let's go, Hiroyuki.

Now Masashi is in on it too.

Come on, Fujita!

The other students gathered around Shiho also join in the chorus calling for me, so I am forced to relent.

Yeah, yeah, fine.

I begrudgingly get up.

…Damn it. Way to ruin my moment of peace.

Okaaaay! Now that everyone's here it's time to get to business.

Nagaoka, who does the scandal involve this time?

One of the girls asks.

A scandal? Hmm, not quite.

Then an incident?

Less of an incident and more of a 'supernatural' phenomenon, I'd say!

The crowd around Shiho stirs in response.

They look excited for more information, yet concerned at the same time.

All of the students are there to listen in on a fun story from Shiho, regardless of whether it is true or not.

I am not one of those students.

Out of stories so now you're dabbling in supernatural phenomena, eh?

I say for everyone to hear with an unimpressed look on my face.

Excuse me?! What do you mean by that?

Do I have to spell it out for you? Well…

Cool it, Hiroyuki. Let's listen to what she has to say.

Masashi stops me before I can finish my sentence.

We'll see if you can still talk big after you hear my juicy news.

Shiho talks the talk.

Yeah, whatever. I'll keep my mouth shut so spit it out already.

There isn't any point in continuing the argument.

Now that I think about it, I would just be causing trouble for the other students gathered here if I keep snapping back at Shiho.

Right then! Now that nuisance has stopped interrupting, it's time to get into the big news.

Everyone quiets down and listens intently to Shiho.

One of the new freshmen has psychic powers.

Psychic powers?

The students mumble dubiously.

I can't help but laugh with a huff.

Meaning they have supernatural powers?

Masashi asks as he stands next to me.

Yup, that's right.

Shiho nods pompously.

Someone else then chimes in.

Like they can use telekinesis and telepathy and stuff?

Yeah, stuff like that.

Shiho nods and everyone quietly makes sounds of surprise and shock.

They don't seem convinced.

As for me, I snort again.

Sounds pretty fishy. Actually, it sounds completely bogus.

That's what I want to say, but I don't want to get into another dragged-out argument so I decide not to.

Instead…

So? What about them?

I expand the conversation.

Shiho makes a face as if I'd piped up unnecessarily.

Before I get into that, do you know about the incident during the entrance ceremony?

She asks.

Of course we do. Where the principal almost got injured, right?

Masashi says, the other students nod in agreement.

The principal almost got injured? I don't remember that.

I'll explain what happened for those who look confused.

Shiho then starts to recount the incident with all sorts of hand gestures.

The principal started what sounded like a long-winded ramble during the entrance ceremony. The whole, 'Your high school life that you are all about to experience…' You know?

No one was really listening.

Not long after, one of the students pointed at the ceiling and screamed, 'Look out!'

Everyone looked up and then one of the spotlights lighting up the stage went out.

Everyone watched as the electrical cable began to snap, bit by bit, and then…

CRASH! It fell.

Luckily, it fell just next to the principal,

but it would've been a whole different story if that particular light hit them…

I want to butt in and retort if they'd been okay if it was a small light, but I decide not to.

And what's that got to do with the psychic or whatever?

I ask the question on everyone's minds.

Ah, yes! What does it have to do with her?!

Shiho strikes a weird pose and points at me.

Quit being so dramatic and tell us already.

Would you all be surprised if I told you that there was someone who said that the ceremony should be called off because the lights on the stage were unsafe…before the principal even began their speech?

Before the speech…?

Like someone predicted the future?!

Everyone sounds shocked.

Yes, predicted the future. I couldn't have said it better myself… If I were to tell you that one of the new freshmen made that prediction…that would bring this all full circle, no?

Are you being serious, Nagaoka? It wasn't just a coincidence?

Shiho answers by wagging her finger and clicking her tongue.

How very naive of you. I've already looked into it and found out that she'd made many predictions at her previous school too.

Who is this person then?

Shiho oozes with a smug air of victory.

Hehe! You wanna know?

Everyone nods, Shiho included.

The psychic is a girl named Kotone Himekawa, and she's a real stunner, too.

Everyone oohs and ahhs in response.

As for me…

A. "Wow."

B. "Who could believe that nonsense?!"

C. "I dunno…"

Wow.

I am genuinely impressed.

But I still am not entirely convinced.

I believe the entrance ceremony incident because there seems to be other witnesses around too.

She made a major prediction this time, but a lot of other paranormal occurrences have been happening around her too.

Yeah? Like what?

Like a window she was staring at shattering without her even touching it or a heavy vase sliding across a surface.

Are you sure that's not some kind of poltergeist?

That's a big word for someone like you. Are you an occult fanatic?

Everyone knows what a poltergeist is.

I was just kidding. There are some people who think that the phenomena happening around her are the work of a poltergeist… But there are witness accounts of the psychic herself denying that.

That it wasn't the work of ghosts?

Yup. She said she did it herself.

So you're saying that she dropped the spotlight in the gymnasium too?

I can't stop myself from chiming in with a question.

That's what I'm saying.

But if she's going around breaking things using psychic powers, wouldn't that mean she's dangerous?

I start to picture a beautiful, yet destructive girl.

Who knows? I'm still investigating that. The only thing I wanted to mention today was the psychic freshman and the gymnasium incident. Stay tuned for updates! Okay?

Then go and get investigating. I wanna know the truth.

Hold your horses, geez. There wouldn't be such a rush if you didn't ask unnecessary questions.

That's no way to treat someone who was kind enough to listen.

Kind enough to listen? I was letting you in on the juicy gossip.

Say what now? You were the one who dragged me out of my peaceful slumber to listen to you yammer.

And you were the one who stuck around to listen.

Why you little-

I finally blow my fuse.

Aaaand there they go again. Another classic Nagaoka and Fujita fight.

No point sticking your nose into an old couple's quarrels. They're juniors now and their fights are still as trivial as ever.

Looks like that's it for today.

Just as I am ready to go in for the kill, our audience scatters and returns to their seats.

Only Akari and Masashi chuckling awkwardly to themselves remain.

Both Shiho and I miss our chance to get right into it.

…Call it a truce for today?

Yeah. No point in just the two of us arguing.

Okay, then I'm heading off to the classroom next door.

Next time, do some more research before you start spreading rumors.

I'll think about it.

Shiho skips off to the adjacent classroom.

Masashi, Akari, and I return to our seats.

Having psychic powers sounds pretty amazing, Yuki.

Akari looks thoroughly impressed.

It was all probably just a coincidence.

I wonder what it feels like to be able to move things with your mind.

Masashi looks just as impressed as Akari.

Don't you let her trick you too!

Don't be such a skeptic. Everyone has intuition, you know?

Whoa, hold up. The prediction might be that, but how do you explain the breaking and moving of objects? That's not intuition.

Well… I don't know what that is. That's why we call it supernatural.

…Now you're starting to sound like Shiho too.

R-Really? I gotta be more careful.

Masashi says with a serious look on his face.

I can't tell if he is joking or not.

If Shiho heard you say that stuff, she'd never stop talking..

I respond in a way that is appropriate regardless.

I think psychic powers are incredible, but I'd prefer not to have them.

Why? They'd be so handy.

You could go on TV and earn a killing…

Yeah… But people who are extraordinary seem like they go through a lot…

And you're not the sharpest one around sometimes, so it's more your character to not have psychic powers.

The bell for the start of homeroom rings as we talk.

Honestly, a freshman with the added title of "psychic"? Give me a break.

…But I guess Shiho is the only one who actually believes it.

There's no way psychic powers actually exist in the real world.

Who'd seriously believe that bologna?

I reject her idea straight up.

Patience, child, patience. There's still more… She made a prediction before the entrance ceremony, but strange things happen around her all the time.

Strange how?

Like a window she was staring at shattering without her even touching it and a heavy vase moving around!

That sounds like an even bigger pile of bologna.

I say bluntly.

But Shiho isn't the type to stay quiet with someone constantly picking apart her story.

She points her finger straight at me.

Listen, you! I've got plenty of witnesses! Are you calling them all liars?

She spits with such force that it feels like a beam could shoot from her fingertip at any moment.

Cut the crap. Look, I'll let you have the incident at the entrance ceremony, but I won't let you ramble about the existence of supernatural powers as if they're commonplace.

Excuse me?! She's real! The girl with psychic powers really does exist! The world will acknowledge the existence of those powers sooner rather than later!

And that's what I won't believe.

I retort with ease.

Shiho's face turns bright red. It looks like she is about to say something, but then she suddenly begins to nod like she's just remembering something.

Mm-hmm. I see that you can't keep up with my progressive ideas. You'll always find people stuck in their old ways, resisting revolutions in every era.

You dingus. Who's 'stuck in their old ways,' huh?

Listen up, everybody, are you going to let this guy with outdated ideas tell you what to think?!

Shiho looks to others for support, possibly because she feels threatened.

I dunno. Fujita's been picking on you ever since we were freshmen, so.

Looks like Fujita's got the first points of the new semester.

I believe in supernatural powers.

Nobody is chiming in to help Shiho, but rather with their own opinions, make the situation all the more chaotic.

Hey, Shiho. Looks like no one's gonna come and save you.

Grrrr! Fine! There are plenty of others waiting to hear my hot goss. I don't have time to be messing with you!

She says as she leaves the classroom in a huff.

Tch. We're juniors now and we're still arguing over the same crap?

I sigh and return to my seat.

Kotone Himekawa, was it?

Poor girl getting targeted by Shiho as a source of gossip after only just starting school here.

I dunno…

I give an uncertain response.

Shiho doesn't let that slide.

Hey, what's your problem? Why are you on the fence?

I don't know what else you want me to say.

It all sounds fishy, but I can't completely deny it either…

Then how about this? Aside from the prediction, other students have seen lots of strange things happen around her too.

Huh…

Like a window she was staring at shattering and a vase moving, all without her touch.

Okay, there are false rumors and then there are false rumors.

Then how do you explain what happened at the entrance ceremony?

I can't. That's why I'm unsure.

No girl's going to like you if you lack conviction like that.

I don't mind if you don't like me. Other girls on the other hand… that's a problem.

That mouth of yours never stops talking. I didn't mean it like that. If you're impressed or not convinced, then act that way. I don't know whether to be angry or happy because you can't decide for yourself.

Shut your pie hole. I can feel however I wanna feel.

You're so unreasonable.

Me? What about you? Do you believe in psychic powers?

Psychic powers? I don't know…

See? You're undecided yourself.

If they exist, then I'll prove their existence. Nothing more, nothing less.

What the heck? So you don't believe in them either.

Have you not been listening? I-am-looking-into-it. I only popped in with news of how that's going.

What the heck? We splitting hairs here? How can you look into a supernatural incident if you don't believe in supernatural powers?

Oh? To find out the truth about supernatural powers, of course. That's a perfectly good reason.

Shiho is talking a good game, and that is going a long way to impress the people around us.

My nitpicking only ends up making her sound more convincing.

Ugh, if there's one thing Shiho can do-it's talk.

Yeah, yeah, whatever. I won't dig any further since this will never end.

You should be more trusting of my info from now on.

Of course, Miss Shiho. I shall most definitely be.

I say sarcastically.

Shiho acts pleased as if she had won the argument against me.

And that's that for my news today. I have others waiting for me so seeee yoooou!

She waves as she leaves the classroom.

Practically skipping out in an annoying manner.

I don't care if I won or lost the argument, but her attitude irritates me because it makes me feel like I'd lost for a different reason.

…However, her gossip today seems more reliable than usual.

Until she got up to the shady part about the glass shattering, anyway.

A girl with psychic powers… I wonder what Kotone Himekawa is like?

Do psychic powers really exist?

It's lunch time.

Masashi and I sprint out of the classroom as the bell rings.

That is our strategy to win in the furious battle for sandwiches.

The student store is in the cafeteria on the first floor.

It's a 30-second run away.

Wait for me, my precious pork cutlet sandwich!

Not long after, the stairs enter my sight.

I turn the corner in my usual way-like an F1 racing car-and leap into the stairs.

*thwomp*

Eek!

I round the corner, and as I am about to launch into the stairs, I bump into a girl coming up them.

S-Sorry. Are you okay?

Luckily, my reflexes kick in so I dodge her and only bump her arm-that doesn't take away from the fact that I'd just hit a girl.

That swift hit to the arm must hurt.

…

She nods without saying a word.

Sorry, it was our fault for rushing.

Masashi says to her.

The girl glances at us and then looks down.

From what I can tell, her uniform seems brand new.

Come to think of it, she's that girl who came to school looking sad.

Are you really okay? I hit you pretty hard.

…Yes, I'm fine.

The girl says meekly.

Sorry.

I apologize again and then step forward to rush over to the student store.

But then…

The girl suddenly covers her ears and crouches down on the spot.

H-Hey! Are you alright?!

I run over to her without a thought, but then…

Look out! Duck!

She suddenly yells.

It is so sudden that all Masashi and I can do is stand there frozen.

Duck?

*crash*

The window above the stairs suddenly shatters into pieces.

Wh-What the?!

We look up at the window in surprise.

The window is completely smashed, leaving only the window frame undamaged.

What would you need to throw to make a window break like that?

I think to myself.

But I don't have the time to be caught up in my thoughts.

I run straight over to the girl crouching over.

Are you hurt?

And in response…

I… I did it again…

She mutters as if talking to herself.

"Again"? Did she have a seizure or something?! Is she sick?!

Okay, I'll take you to the infirmary.

I wrap an arm around the girl's shoulders and try to help her to her feet.

But then she stands up as if nothing had happened.

Sorry. It's not because I feel sick or anything…

She mutters.

Then what's the deal?

I broke another window, so I'll go and tell a teacher… Um, and the collision was fine. I'm not hurt.

She says as she scurries off.

Masashi and I look at each other.

Did that girl just say she broke the window?

Yeah.

That would mean that she shattered the glass.

But I didn't see her throw anything at the window.

Why would she be going around breaking windows anyway?

Heh heh heh! I saw that shocking scene.

A voice that didn't belong suddenly chimes in.

I turn around and see Shiho.

You…

Is she going to insinuate that I bullied the girl?

That's Kotone Himekawa, the psychic girl.

Huh?

You saw how she shattered that window without even touching it, no?

Masashi and I look at the window again.

…

There is only a little bit of glass hanging onto the frame. The rest of it is gone.

I'm gonna have a closer look.

Masashi says as he goes down to the landing and stares at the glass strewn about.

What's the point in looking at the glass?

Have a look for yourself, Hiroyuki. There's something strange about it.

Both Shiho and I do as Masashi said and go down to the landing.

We look at the broken pieces and notice that, for some strange reason, they are all about one or two inches in size-some are perfect hexagons.

Hmm, now THIS is what you call a supernatural phenomenon…

Shiho says in an obviously theatrical manner.

I find the incident pretty strange myself.

That girl screamed, the window shattered, and now there are strangely shaped bits of glass.

Supernatural powers… Poltergeist…

Which could it be?

Does that stuff even exist?

Oh, it's Kotone.

A. Talk to her.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Heya, Kotone!

Oh, Fujita…

Kotone looks at me and bows.

Let's walk home together.

…Okay.

Wanna drop by somewhere on the way home today?

I suggest after walking for a bit.

Do you have a suggestion?

How about the shopping arcade?

There's pretty much anything you could want there, and plenty of places to hang out. It should be fun.

…

But Kotone shakes her head.

No?

I don't like crowds…

Kotone says.

…Hmm, now what do I do?

Gotta think of somewhere quiet around here…

Oh! What about the park? We could chill out there.

The only place I can think of is the local park.

I think I could do that…

Whew, good thing she agrees to that suggestion.

We head off to the park.

…So then Masashi yelled really loud. He was all like, 'You freak me out, Hiroyuki!' Man, everyone was rolling around laughing. I just wanted to find a hole to crawl into.

…

I continue to talk to Kotone, who remains silent, in the empty park.

I thought I was telling her a hilarious anecdote, but she doesn't even crack a smile.

Whew…

I can't help but sigh.

…Kotone? Do you find it boring being with me?

I ask the unspeakable.

What? Why do you think that?

I mean, you haven't laughed or smiled at all this whole time.

Then, she suddenly realizes.

Oh, I'm sorry… I know you were telling me a funny story, but…

Nah, it's okay. It was a stupid inside-joke. I get it.

No, that's not what I meant to imply…

Alright! How about I tell you a super-special story?!

I clear my throat.

Now listen closely. You'll totally bust your gut laughing.

I grin confidently.

Okay…

I close my eyes and lower the tone of my voice.

It is a horror story.

I do my best to speak with a scary vibe…

The Scary Series, Chapter One… Be Aware the Omen of Doom.

It's a story about a haunted town where evil thrived.

In the early morning, just before the sun had risen, some suspicious, sickly men skulked in front of an old clinic there.

…But the gates outside the clinic were securely locked with a note taped to them.

…Notice. Be aware, we open from noon'

…The men scream in their sickly voices.

BEAWAREDWEOBEN'RUMDNOON???!!!'(BE AWARE DWE OBEN 'RUM DNOON???!!!) That night from the distance you could hear the sickly men with their stuffy noses crying out:BE AWARE THE OMEN OF DOOM

Bahaha! It is tough trying to suppress my laughter to the very end.

It is one of those old gags that'll probably come full circle and be a hit again now.

I'm sure Kotone's rolling around in laugh-

Huh? You didn't get the joke?

These bits are all about the silly puns.

If you don't get the pun, then it just ends up being a short tale with no twist.

No, I understand it… The clinic opens at noon, right?

*whoosh*

I fall as the joke soars right over her head.

Is that not it?

Um, it's kind of a play on words. The guys all have colds, and their saying opens at noon sounds like people moaning 'omen of doom' in the distance…

Kotone finally realizes.

Oh, really?

She nods in awe.

Uhh, could you either laugh or groan at my joke? I'm treading water here.

Sorry… Do you have another story?

Well, if you insist! There's plenty where that came from.

I close my eyes once again to focus on telling the story.

A spring ghost story. The Scary Series, Chapter Two… Opus of Dismay

Oh, I think I can guess this one. Someplace opens up this May, right?

…

She is treating it like some kind of quiz and buzzes in before I finish telling the story.

Oh, sorry. Was I…supposed to laugh?

She could at least pretend to laugh, but looks down remorsefully instead.

Gah! Guess I'll have to switch gears!

Ding, ding, ding! Correct!

I yell out.

Alright! Here we go with question three of the Puntastic Quiz! Wait, who even came up with that name?!

I'm full of energy and retorting at my own bad jokes.

At this point, the original goal of making Kotone laugh had started to fade, and I find myself leaning more toward just trying to do something about the awkward atmosphere.

The Scary Series, Chapter Three… The Scourged Meteor!!

I yell because I am already in too deep.

There was once a German gourmand.

He bit into a meteor-sized hunk of meat sitting in front of him… Tell me, what did he say after that?!

…I don't know.

Bzzt, bzzt! That's a shame! After the man ate the meat he said… 'That's good meat, ja?' (The Scourged Meteor).

…Oh, I see.

WHAT THE HEEEEEEECK?!

What's with this vibe?!

But there is no turning back.

Question four of the Puuuuntastic Quiz!

…Okay.

The title is 'Anna of Clean Cables!'

One day, while Anna was taking a bath…

…Heh.

Oh!

She laughs.

I'm pretty sure I heard actual laughter burst from her lips.

Wait, now it's even clearer.

Kotone's laughing so hard her shoulders are shaking.

Did you find the Puntastic Quiz funny?!

…Yes, well, actually… I couldn't help but laugh at you…

Uh, me? Hahaha…

Well, I guess that's okay.

I get to see Kotone smile, so all's well that ends well.

The atmosphere between Kotone and me then mellows and conversation flows.

As we chat about anything and everything, Kotone gradually starts to smile more.

Under the warmth of the sun, I vow to do what I can to free her from the supernatural abilities that have taken her beautiful smile away from her.

Heya, Kotone!

Oh, Fujita. Hi.

Kotone looks at me and bows.

Heading home?

Yes.

Yeah? I'll see you later then.

Okay, have a good day.

*fffsshhhh*

All of a sudden, it was pouring down rain.

Well that's just great…

I sigh as I watch the rain pelt the white asphalt.

I run straight into the shopping arcade in front of the station, so I am lucky enough to stay dry, but I end up stuck here for ten minutes.

I figure the rain will let up soon and go into a book store to kill some time, but it continues to pour.

Oh well, it is what it is.

Guess I'll buy a cheap plastic umbrella and head home.

I accept my fate, but then…

…Fujita.

Someone calls out to me. I look over and see Kotone standing there.

Hello.

Hey.

Kotone bows a little.

Are you…waiting for someone?

She asks.

Nah, I've been hanging around waiting for the rain to stop.

…You don't have an umbrella?

I wasn't expecting it to rain, so…

I chuckle.

Kotone thinks for a moment.

…Um, I happen to have an umbrella. Would you like me to walk you home?

She says.

Home as in…my home?

Yes. It's close by, isn't it?

I mean, I can walk to school, so I guess it's pretty close… It still takes 15 minutes to get there, though.

That's fine.

Kotone smiles.

A. Okay, I'll take you up on your offer.

B. No, I'd feel bad. I'll buy an umbrella and walk myself home.

Okay, I'll take you up on your offer.

I get to save money by not needing to buy an umbrella and, more than anything, I get to go home with Kotone.

I decided to accept her offer.

Please feel free to step under…

Don't mind if I do!

I accept Kotone's invitation and duck under her umbrella.

Um, my umbrella's pretty small, so you might get a little wet.

I don't mind. I'm just happy to share an umbrella with you.

Sorry…

Hahaha! Don't be!

As we start walking, I realize something.

I am so much taller than Kotone that she looks like she is having trouble holding the umbrella.

Uh, Kotone? I'll bet it's tiring trying to hold an umbrella high enough for me, so I'll hold it.

I say as I grab the handle of the umbrella.

Sorry…

C'mon now, we're not strangers here.

*fffsshhhh*

The rain continues to pour.

Kotone and I, sharing an umbrella.

Our shoulders stick out as we both try to squeeze under Kotone's dainty, girly umbrella.

So, since she is kind enough to share it with me, I tilt the umbrella to cover Kotone more.

…

Kotone suddenly looks up at me in concern.

What's up?

…You didn't feel anything just now?

What do you mean?

Kotone shakes her head slightly.

…I don't know. Maybe I'm imagining things.

Now I'm curious.

Sorry…

We walk in silence for a little while.

And then Kotone looks up towards me again.

Same thing?

No… Your shoulder's wet, Fujita…

Oh, don't worry about that. The umbrella's just a bit small so…

Before I can finish my sentence, she does something that catches me off guard.

Kotone sidles up to me.

It would make sense for a couple to do that, but I am a bit taken aback because Kotone and I aren't going out or anything.

…You won't get wet this way.

I look closely at Kotone and notice her ears had turned bright red.

I feel hyper-aware of her presence by my side…

Her face is so close.

I can smell the light fragrance wafting from her long hair.

I can feel Kotone's warm shoulder against me.

This is getting me all worked up.

I have to make conversation with her or I'll never be able to stay calm.

Kotone.

…Yes?

You've been doing pretty well lately.

Hm? In what?

It seems like your practice is paying off.

Oh, yes. I'm doing very well…

That's good.

Yes.

By the way, the other day…

As she chats away, the exit of the park comes into view.

My house is actually right near the other side of this park.

…Is it?

Yeah, I always walk through here. Oh, Kotone! Your shoulder's getting wet. Scooch in a little closer.

I try my luck and pull Kotone's shoulders closer to me.

…Oh.

I'd feel bad if you got wet because of me.

S-Sorry for the trouble…

Heh, I'm the one causing trouble here.

During our back and forth…

*woof, woof*

A small dog runs over to us.

Aww, how cute…

Kotone whispers.

The dog seems to be having the time of its life running around in the rain.

What a little ball of energy.

Come over here.

Kotone crouches down and sticks her hand out. The dog runs right to her.

It has lots of fun wrestling with her hand.

I hold the umbrella over Kotone without a care that I am getting wet.

I continue to watch as they play…

…And then, it feels as though the area around us got dark.

In the next instant, all sound disappears.

I can't hear the dog panting, Kotone's voice, or even the rain…

Kotone suddenly holds her head and balls herself up.

Is she overloaded with energy again?!

Kotone!

I call out to her in surprise.

No! Don't come near me!

She almost shrieks.

Time was of the essence, but I don't know what to do about the umbrella I had covering Kotone.

Hurry and go!

Damn it.

I throw the umbrella away and take a few steps back.

Maybe the something Kotone felt a little earlier was a premonition for what was to come!

As I watch Kotone's body tremble, I start to find it harder to breathe.

It is as if the air had become frigid.

I also feel an ominous stirring in my chest.

I don't know what's happening, but it's not good!

With my back turned to Kotone, I sprint away.

I stand a good ten yards away from her and look to see what is happening.

This is bigger than anything I've seen before.

What's happening?!

*woof, woof*

?!

I hadn't realized until that moment.

The dog was still playing at Kotone's feet.

Can't you sense this ominous air?!

Aren't animals supposed to have a sixth sense for these things?!

Stop! Get away!

Kotone tries to bat the dog away with her right hand.

*woof, woof*

The little dog wags its tail in excitement over Kotone's desperate attempts.

You little dingus!

I run over to try and pull the dog away…

*arooooo*

The dog whimpers and then I see something.

Kotone is engulfed in a blindingly bright ball of white light.

It is almost like a camera flash.

The dog is lifted up into the air and is slammed to the ground as if the light had launched it.

After the episode is over, I am too shocked to move for a moment.

Doggy!

Kotone moves first.

Stunned by the impact of being thrown to the ground, the dog wobbles over, dragging its back legs.

I rush over as well.

I'm sorry! I'm so, so, so sorry…

Kotone picks up the dog and apologizes with a trembling voice.

Kotone…

All I can do is say her name.

Her powers got out of hand…

Was all of her training for nothing?

That's not fair!

And for a little dog to get caught up in this of all things.

If god really does exist, they sure do some cruel things.

I…practiced so hard… I thought I was doing well… I thought I could finally fit in with everyone…

…

It was…impossible from the start. This is how I hurt others and become disliked… I'm just meant to be alone.

That's not true…

Why? Why am I the only one with these powers? Did I do something wrong?

No, you didn't.

Kotone shakes her head.

I'm sure…it's too late now…

Nothing's set in stone.

Kotone looks at me for a while before quietly dropping her head.

She eventually turns around and begins to walk…

All I can do was follow her.

We look for a veterinary hospital so that the dog can be checked out.

Fortunately, the dog isn't seriously injured.

When the vet asks how the dog sustained its injuries, Kotone says that she did it herself, but I explain that it was a car accident.

We leave the hospital and remain silent until we part ways.

The mood is awkward…

We didn't say more than necessary while we were looking for a hospital too.

Kotone had finally found a way to feel more positive and people changed their opinions about her. Everything was starting to look up for her…

The gates to her heart were starting to open up, but they slammed firmly shut again.

That's how it felt.

Golden Week, a week-long string of public holidays, had begun.

I want to talk to Kotone, but I don't know her phone number or address.

There is nothing I can do.

Thinking about Kotone makes me get angry at myself.

I feel like I hadn't done enough.

I feel like I am the one to blame.

I am the one who wanted to do something about Kotone's powers with my superficial understanding of them and now I've caused her so much pain.

The more time that passes, the stronger those feelings become.

And, eventually, the school trip began.

I manage to have fun when I am not thinking about Kotone.

But that is only when my mind isn't on her.

Whenever I think about her, my mood darkens.

I am surprised when I get back to school.

Kotone hasn't been at school since Golden Week.

Apparently, she wasn't absent because she was sick.

I decide to take action during my lunch break.

I manage to get Kotone's number from one of her classmates and call her.

All I want to do is see Kotone and talk to her until I understand what is going on with her.

No one's answering…

Is no one home?

If she's off school, then she has to be at home.

I need to find out…

Damn it! I have to go and see for myself then!

…But I don't know where she lives.

I can't go asking her teacher for Kotone's address, though.

What do I do?!

Hm? What's wrong?

As I find myself stuck not knowing what to do, Shiho calls out to me while she is passing by.

Nothing…

…What is it? Something on your mind? I'm happy to listen if you want.

She latches onto me like a piece of juicy gossip.

…You know everything around here, right?

Where are you going with this?

So, you know the addresses of the freshmen too, no?

There's a limit to what I know.

Unreliable, as usual…

I barely even have the energy to fight with Shiho.

Is there some girl you're trying to flirt with? It's not that girl with the supernatural abilities, is it? Now that you mention it, you guys were hugging each other out in broad daylight…

So what if I like her? What's wrong with that?

Wait, seriously?!

Ugh, just go away…

I plod off.

I feel like I am almost being crushed by my sense of responsibility towards Kotone.

Hey, wait up!

…

Have you asked her classmates?

Despite my lack of enthusiasm, Shiho is determined to help and keeps stubbornly following me around.

I only managed to get her phone number…

Wait, you know her number? Then most of the work's done! Just look it up in the phonebook!

Why didn't you say so to begin with?!

I race off.

Hey, wait! You butthead! Would it kill you to thank me?!

…It is no use.

I leave school early to go to the address that I find, but no one answers no matter how many times I ring the doorbell.

My shoulders slump in disappointment and I leave.

…Will Kotone be at school tomorrow?

Oh…!

K-Kotone!

I call out to her. Kotone attempts to run away for a moment but then gives up and looks down.

…

What's wrong, Kotone? Why haven't you been coming to school?

I look and see that she is holding her bag.

So she is playing hooky?

…You're early today.

Yeah, I left school early… I went all the way to your house because I've been worried about you.

…

Come on, say something. Please.

…I couldn't bear it any more.

…

I can't control my powers.

What are you talking about?

Kotone looks down.

I actually…wanted to go somewhere far away.

Then she lets out a little sigh.

…But I'm still a child. No matter how far I go, I can't support myself.

Kotone…

Kotone looks up at me.

Pretty foolish, huh.

She laughs at herself.

…

All I can do is skip school and wait for time to pass.

…You're running away? Why, Kotone?

Because I can't control my powers! You might be my next victim!

Who cares if I am?!

Fujita…

I'd do anything for you, that includes becoming your victim! So, please, stop running away!

…I hate this…

Kotone…

I can't bear hurting others any longer!

You're not! You're working hard so that you don't hurt others!

I've…poured my heart and soul into it… I've got nothing left to give…

…

Also, I found it…

Found what?

I don't know why it took me so long to realize…

What do you mean? Tell me straight up.

…

Kotone looks down in agony.

…

It can't be…

I honestly thought I would never see you again… But I guess fate must have had other ideas.

You're kidding me, aren't you?

Kotone shakes her head slowly.

I'm…serious.

Why? How would doing that make anyone happy?

The people who've been burdened by my existence would be relieved.

She states matter-of-factly.

…Where's the logic in that?

It's true. This is better than causing everyone trouble with my powers…

How is it worth dying over that?

I think it's the best solution…

Kotone says, speaking in a way that makes me feel like she doesn't value herself at all.

…She's wrong.

There's no way in the world that's the best solution.

Why do you say that? I'm practically a ticking time bomb… I'd be better off not existing.

Do you even understand what you're saying?

Kotone shakes her head as if she's had enough of my preaching.

Listen.

Goodbye…

Kotone bows and walks past me.

No!

Kotone's so upset right now that nothing is getting through to her!

How do I snap her out of this?

A. Shout.

B. Try to convince her.

Hey, hold up.

…Please leave me alone.

A. Shout.

B. Try to convince her.

I said, wait!

…What more do you want with me?

A. Shout.

B. Try to convince her.

You idiot!

She screamed in a volume I’d never heard before

…!

You won't cause trouble for anyone? Give me a break! What about your family? Did your parents bring you into this world for you to just throw your life away?

…

And what about me?! You don't think you'd hurt me if you took your life in front of me?

Fujita…

You're only thinking about yourself.

…

Please don't take your life lightly! Promise me that!

…

I'll always be by your side! If your powers get out of hand, then direct them at me!

But then you'll…

I don't care. But if you don't want to do that to me, then please try just a little harder to control your powers.

But it's useless…

It's not. I haven't given up on you yet.

…

Kotone looks at me.

I can tell by the look in her eyes.

The look of despair has disappeared.

The Kotone I knew is back.

Your practice was paying off, right?

…

You just happened to have some bad luck, but the time between each episode has been getting longer.

Kotone nods.

Yes, but if I want to continue using my powers for longer, then…

…The fact is that the longer Kotone uses her powers, the more stress it will place on her.

We can work on that…

Right…

Okay, I think we should both go home now.

I pat Kotone on the shoulder and she nods quietly.

I'll walk with you.

Thank…you…

Sorry.

As I am walking Kotone home, I notice that one of her cheeks is red.

…That's okay. Your scolding opened my eyes to the truth. I was being so selfish.

I'm not the smartest guy around, so…

You don't have to explain yourself.

No, really. I'm so sorry.

…You're so kind, Fujita.

I dunno about that.

I know it was out of kindness.

Heh. Well, if that's what you call kind then I'm a chivalrous gentleman.

…Yes.

By the way, Kotone…

Kotone suddenly stops upon hearing my voice.

Kotone?

I look over, and all the blood drains from her face as she stands there.

…un away…

Her lips were quivering.

What?

Run… Run away, please!

What's wrong?!

My ears begin to ring.

This feeling… Not again?!

I…haven't been doing anything… I haven't used my powers at all this whole time!

What?!

She has a week's worth of energy stored inside of her?!

Please get away from me! Hurry!

Kotone yells.

I can tell from her voice that the power inside of her is stronger than it was when she used it on the dog.

But I don't run.

In fact, I get closer to her.

Fujita?!

I hug Kotone tight.

And I close my eyes.

I told you to use your powers on me, remember?

No! I can't do that!

It is clear that her power is growing.

I feel it as if it is trying to break through the walls of Kotone's body from the inside.

What will happen to me if it overflows?

Honestly, I am terrified.

But I can't run away.

I can't just hide somewhere safe to cheer you on when you're suffering.

I'm gonna fight just as hard as Kotone is.

And I'm going to have just as much faith as she does!

No! Get away!

Kotone tries to push me away.

But I don't budge.

I have no intention of moving.

I can hear the air crackling around us.

There is sometimes a tingling heat on my face and hands.

…Is the energy giving off sparks?!

I don't dare open my eyes to see what is happening.

You can do this, Kotone.

Fujita… Please, run away…

Kotone's body stiffens.

Her trembling has finally reached its peak.

Here it comes…

I close my eyes and hold Kotone tightly.

…

.

.

*BAAAAAANG*

A deafening cracking sound rings through the air.

That's the biggest explosion yet…

The wind resulting from what feels like the air being torn apart buffets my cheek.

Maybe it really is some kind of shockwave…

I don't have the time to feel any pain.

Am I dead?

I can't hear or see anything.

…Oh yeah, my eyes are still shut.

I open my eyes.

Oh no! Kotone!

Kotone!

I shake Kotone in my arms.

…Fujita?

I'm totally fine. Did you direct your powers somewhere else?

No.

I didn't want to use my powers on you, so I fought against them and…

Ah!

Kotone screams as if she'd just noticed something.

And I see it too.

There are traces of sand and dust at our feet that look like the remnants of a tornado that had formed around us.

Carved out in a perfect circle.

Or, perhaps, it isn't as clean as it seems since we are the only ones unaffected.

You…managed to control your powers…

It isn't as if I had planned this all along.

It was just an idea that came to me.

Fujita! I…I did it! I did it because I wanted to protect you!

Kotone latches onto me with tears welling in her eyes.

I continue to hug her, bringing her in closer to me.

I'm so proud of you…

Thank you… Thank you so much!

I feel a little bashful as I hug Kotone who had thrown herself into my arms.

Several days later…

Ugh, it's raining?

Damn you rain.

I stay back at school to get something done and it ends up raining on me.

If it doesn't let up, I'll be soaking wet by the time I go to meet up with Kotone.

Fujita.

Someone suddenly calls my name.

I rush to turn around and see Kotone standing there holding an umbrella.

I thought you went ahead without me?

No, I waited because I figured you didn't have an umbrella.

You're always so considerate, you know that?

Hehehe. Okay, let's go.

S-Sure.

Her powers still get out of control on occasion.

But things have been different since that day. Kotone seems to have figured something out, and she's been doing well with controlling her powers..

While the episodes continue to happen, there is at least a solution now.

Looking back, that's something I can say with confidence.

…Is something the matter?

Nah, I was just thinking it feels like everything is going to be great from now on.

Hehehe, you can't be so sure.

Kotone says, speaking in an overtly sinister tone.

Hahaha! Don't you go jinxing things now!

Could you hurry up already?

Yeah, yeah, alright.

And so, we arrive at the veterinary hospital.

…It is actually the day that the little dog will be discharged.

I'm so happy for ya!

*woof, woof*

Ehehe, thank goodness.

The dog seems pretty happy too. It is full of energy and loving life.

…So what's going to happen to this little fella?

Oh, didn't I tell you? I've decided to keep him.

Yeah? Aren't you a lucky little guy, Barkley?

His name isn't Barkley.

Oh? You've already decided on a name?

I have. Isn't that right, Mr. Hiroyuki?

Huh-whaaa?! Seriously now?

Don't you think that it's a lovely name?

Then what are you gonna call me?

Fujita…like I always have, no?

That feels so distant, though.

But this little fluffball's name is Mr. Hiroyuki.

Yeah, but so am I.

Hehehe. Yes, but this is Mr. Hiroyuki.

…Sooo, you'll just call me Hiroyuki without the 'Mr.'?

You don't think that sounds too overly familiar…?

I don't mind at all.

…But I do.

Hey, come on!

…Please give me some time to practice until I'm comfortable calling you that.

Practice? Where?

Practice makes perfect. Right, Mr. Hiroyuki?

*woof*

What the heck?!

Ehehehe.

Hahaha!

*woof, woof*

Kotone, Mr. Hiroyuki, and me under one umbrella.

The rain's not so bad after all.

I think to myself.

I appreciate the offer, but I'd feel bad.

I refuse her kind offer.

I'll just buy a cheap umbrella from somewhere. Don't worry about me.

…Are you sure?

Yup. But I seriously appreciate it.

Oh, okay. I'll see you then…

Kotone and I smile as we wave goodbye and leave.

I went out looking for Kotone's classroom.

I want to try apologizing to her again.

As I walk past the freshmen classrooms, I have a quick peek into each of them.

Class A… Nope.

Class B… Bingo.

Kotone is sitting in (probably) her seat, reading a book.

But she is located in the back of the classroom, so I'd have to scream pretty loud to get her attention.

We've only spoken twice before, so it'd be weird if I called out to her like one of her buddies.

As I mull over what to do, one of the students gets up to leave the classroom.

Perfect, I'll have her get Kotone for me.

Do you have a minute?

What?

The girl looks at me in confusion over why a junior is talking to her.

I need to talk to Himekawa. Could you call her over for me?

Oh, again with that creepy gi-

The girl frantically covers her mouth to cut off her own sentence.

She looks like she had accidentally said something she shouldn't have.

Y-You want Himekawa?

She tries to regain her composure, but still sounds awkward.

It seemed as though the girl didn't have the greatest impression of Kotone.

Is "creepy girl" her nickname or something?

What the heck?

You just called Himekawa 'creepy girl,' right? Does everyone call her that?

I ask out of curiosity.

Oh, um…yes, they do.

She doesn't respond with much conviction, but it is clear that the other students probably do call her that.

Now I'm curious as to why.

Has it got anything to do with the rumors about her psychic powers? I don't really know much about her so…

But…

You've heard the rumors, right? Could you fill me in?

After racking her brain for some time…

Don't tell her I told you, okay?

The girl seeks reassurance.

Sounds like she is ready to tell me.

Sure. But give me all the details in return.

We go somewhere else and the girl tells me all kinds of things about Kotone.

In summary,

the supernatural incidents began when she was in middle school.

Belief in the matter aside, Kotone is well known amongst the freshmen for having supernatural powers.

Those are the two big takeaways.

Lightbulbs or windows would suddenly break, followed by Kotone apologizing to everyone for the phenomena-that was the usual pattern.

At first, the teachers looked into whether Kotone was causing trouble, but they didn't find anything out of the ordinary.

Some kind of set-up would be needed to shatter lightbulbs or windows without physically touching them.

Yet they couldn't find anything of the sort and were resigned to shrug in confusion.

That still didn't mean they believed in the supernatural abilities she insisted on possessing.

In fact, Kotone herself couldn't use her powers whenever she wanted to.

Who would believe in someone's supernatural abilities if she couldn't replicate them on cue?

The accepted conclusion was that the windows and lightbulbs had degraded over time and spontaneously shattered.

But what about Kotone who insisted on being the cause behind them?

The teachers assumed that she had a mental illness.

A kind of paranoid delusion, apparently.

Kotone took some time off school.

There were rumors that she had been admitted to a psychiatric facility.

She returned to school after some time, but the phenomena of things (mostly light bulbs and windows) breaking continued.

Even the teachers began to find it strange.

But they couldn't find it in themselves to blame Kotone and eventually stopped saying anything at all.

That was how the adults dealt with it.

The students, however, weren't so kind.

Someone started a rumor that it was a ghost possessing Kotone that was breaking the glass.

That's how she got horrible nicknames like "creepy girl" and "evil spirit girl."

Even her close friends had started to distance themselves from her because of the judging eyes of others.

Kotone noticed and moved to isolate herself from them too.

She became completely friendless by the time she graduated middle school.

Despite this, there were students who approached her out of curiosity upon hearing those rumors when she started at my school.

But they quickly distanced themselves from her after witnessing the paranormal phenomenon, wanting no part of it themselves.

It didn't take long for Kotone to become isolated again.

…That's what the girl tells me.

I said such insensitive things to her without knowing what she'd been through…

My conversation with the girl goes on for so long that I don't get a chance to speak to Kotone.

I guess I learned a lot, though…

I bump into Kotone on the way back from the restroom during break time.

Heya, Kotone!

Hi…

Kotone bows.

Back from the John yourself, huh?

I realize I messed up the moment those words leave my mouth.

When did I descend into potty humor?

As expected, Kotone seems unsure over what to say.

…No, I went to the faculty room.

She responds.

Hahaha, yeah? I don't know why I asked you something so vulgar<rep rep_sweat>

All I can do is try to laugh it off.

That's okay…

Kotone speaks with a vacant expression and looks down.

Am I making a mess of this whole interaction?!

Gotta change the subject-fast!

S-So, uh, why'd you go to the faculty room?

…To see the art teacher.

We're finally having a normal conversation now.

The art teacher? Why?

Um… They asked me to join the Art Club…

Yeah? You've got a talent for art? So they recruited you?

I'm not so sure if I have a talent…

Hm. I'd love to see some of your drawings sometime.

Kotone seems a little surprised.

Oh, but…

No need to be shy. I mean, you're skilled enough to get recruited.

…That's not it.

What is it? You don't feel comfortable showing me?

Not really…

That just makes me wanna see it even more…

I'm sorry…

Kotone bows.

…She declines in such a respectable way.

I feel as though Kotone is trying to avoid me.

That's totally fine. Show me whenever you feel comfortable doing so, okay?

Um, sure.

Kotone nods and the conversation is over.

Anyway, I'm going this way.

I don't want to drag the conversation on longer than it needs to go, so I quickly end it.

Okay, have a good day.

We say our goodbyes and go our separate ways.

I feel like I got to speak to Kotone quite a bit.

The more I talk to her, the more I realize how well-mannered she is. She's not so bad.

She doesn't say much, though…

And I don't know if I'm imagining it, but I feel like she's avoiding me.

She might be just as shy as she appears to be.

I find it hard to believe that someone as meek as her has psychic powers.

It is lunch time.

Masashi was running very late, so I hurried him along as we ran down the hallway.

It took him a while to leave for lunch because his class ran long.

They're gonna sell out of sandwiches if we don't get there quick.

Damn you math teacher!

Who insists on finishing class right when the bell rings? Honestly.

Wait for me, my precious pork cutlet sandwich!

I launch myself down the stairs.

Once I make it across the bridge corridor, my eyes are on the student store.

But then…

Oh!

I spot Kotone walking ahead of me.

Despite my mad rush, I can't help but call out to her.

Hey, Kotone!

Oh, Fujita…

Off to the student store too?

…No, I was planning to go to the cafeteria.

Really? Do you always get cafeteria food?

N-No… I slept in this morning and didn't have time to prepare my lunch…

What? So you normally make your own lunch?

Yes, I do…

Whoa, I respect that.

It's really no big deal…

A group of students stampede past us as we casually chat.

C-Crap, I forgot.

I was only delayed a little by the conversation, but a huge line forms in that tiny bit of lost time.

Looks like we've got no chance now, Hiroyuki.

I-I messed up.

Dang it.

I didn't have my eyes properly on the prize.

No sandwich for me today, I guess.

Wanna grab something at the cafeteria today, Masashi?

Yeah, sounds good.

You know what that means, Kotone! Let's eat together!

What?

Let's have lunch together.

I repeated myself.

O-Okay…

She nods somewhat bashfully.

Alright, time to get some grub.

The three of us head over to the cafeteria.

When we get there, we each grab a menu and look for somewhere to sit.

It is pretty crowded, so there is only a row of three seats for us to squeeze into.

I quickly run over to take the spots.

Masashi sits on the left, Kotone on the right, and I sit in the middle seat.

Masashi and I get the "A Lunch" meal, while Kotone only gets a bowl of udon.

…Is that all you're having?

Kotone nods.

Is that enough to fill you up?

…Yes.

Huh.

I am intrigued, but Masashi remarks that a bowl of udon is enough for girls since they eat less than guys.

It makes sense, especially since Kotone doesn't seem like she burns many calories in a day.

I still can't wrap my head around that though.

…

Do you get hungry faster?

I try to flesh out the conversation so that I can speak to Kotone more.

No…

Kotone shakes her head.

So that's enough for you then… Be honest with me-is it your secret to keeping your slender physique?

…I don't know. I always just eat as much as I want.

You stay skinny without dieting then? I'll bet there are a bunch of girls out there who'd kill to have your metabolism.

…

And so, I continue to chat to Kotone to keep my conversation going with her, totally forgetting about my lunch.

I end up using all of my lunch break just to finish my lunch.

Sorry, Masashi.

But I got to chat to Kotone a bunch, so I guess it turned out okay.

On my way back from buying some vending machine coffee, I notice a slight ruckus in the hallway.

There are four or five people surrounding someone in a large circle.

I approach them for a closer look.

Are you okay?

There is a girl in the middle of the hallway crouched down with her head in her hands.

The other students around call out to her in concern.

Should I call a teacher over?

One of the onlookers approaches the girl and touches her on the shoulder.

No! Don't come near me!

The girl yells.

I know who it is from her voice.

It is Kotone!

I call out to her.

Kotone… I mean, Himekawa. Are you okay?

It's not safe. Don't come near me.

…

Unable to approach her, I hold my breath instead.

Kotone seems to be desperately enduring something.

That's how it appears to me.

What's about to happen?

Before I can finish my thought, everything goes silent and my ears begin to ring.

What's this? Can you hear that weird sound?

The girl next to me says.

She is experiencing the same thing as me.

But what's happening?

Is Kotone behind this?

The atmosphere feels the same as the moment before something happened in a movie or on TV.

Everybody is rendered silent.

Kotone suddenly glares at the ceiling.

A few others and I also look in the same direction.

*crack*

Eeek!

One of the girls in the circle screams.

…I see it.

The light bulb in the ceiling breaks.

But it isn't because it got hit by something.

I was watching the light bulb even before it broke.

I know for sure that it suddenly broke out of nowhere.

That kind of thing shouldn't be possible without some sort of trick.

Is that…her so-called psychic power at work?!

…Now's not the time for that.

Kotone looks at the shards of light bulb scattered across the ground as tears well in her eyes. She starts gathering the pieces with her bare hands.

Kotone, you'll cut yourself!

I try to stop her, but Kotone won't listen.

The students around her don't even attempt to help.

I have no other choice but to grab a broom and dust pan from a nearby classroom.

I rush over to sweep the shards into the dust pan.

I'm sorry…

Kotone bows with eyes full of tears.

Kotone…

I am at a loss for words.

Kotone goes over to the faculty room to apologize for breaking the light bulb. I decide to go with her.

All the teacher does is look exasperated.

Because how can they explain what caused the light bulb to break?

In the end, the teacher says that the light bulb had deteriorated over time and shattered. That is that.

Kotone is upset over breaking school property, and I don't know what to say to her.

Maybe supernatural abilities really do exist…

If they do exist, I want to ask Kotone why she broke the light bulb, but it definitely isn't the right time.

However, she isn't acting like someone who broke a light bulb on purpose.

It would be pointless to break a light bulb only to feel so guilty afterwards.

There must be some kind of explanation…

That night, I start reading a book I bought. It is called "The World of Supernatural Powers."

I want to learn all about the subject to help out Kotone.

Let's see… So there are four broad categories of supernatural abilities.

The first is telepathy.

Generally speaking, it's the ability to tap into the minds of others.

Akari can communicate to a certain extent using her eyes, but that's not exactly telepathy.

The next one is clairvoyance.

The ability to see things that are far away or hidden from view because they're in a box or something.

Who cares about the contents of a box? I can think of other hidden things I'd rather see, huh.

And then there's precognition.

The ability to predict the future.

Nostradamus is a prime example.

People who have the ability to tap into psychic knowledge of the past also fall into the same category.

Psychics can often see into the pasts of others-it's that same ability.

The final one is psychokinesis.

That's what Kotone has.

It's the ability to move objects with your mind.

Hmm… All of these abilities manifest through the same source of energy.

We call the source of energy souls or spirits.

Man…this is confusing.

In the end, what I gathered from the book was that the latest theory suggests that supernatural abilities draw energy from human souls.

The energy consumed through supernatural abilities is called "Mind Energy."

People who can use mind energy, that is-people with psychic powers, consume part of their soul to use their supernatural abilities.

And, as one would expect, they will die if they overuse their powers.

Even the average person ends up dying if they mentally push themselves too hard.

There is often news about people dying from overwork or dropping dead out of nowhere-the cause of death for some of these people is apparently the excessive use of their Mind Energy.

According to the book, that is.

I would've scoffed so hard at this explanation prior to meeting Kotone.

…And what happens when people use part of their soul and are still alive? Well, their mind energy is gradually replenished from outer space.

"Outer space" makes it sound pretty shady, but there's apparently a mysterious, invisible material, not unlike air, that exists out there.

That's what Mind Energy is.

Based on that theory, when that energy continues to flow into Kotone when she's all topped up, does that mean she starts overflowing with it?

I think to myself.

What I really want to know is how to control the power, so I continue to read the book and discover that there is data proving that psychic power could improve through repeated use.

In other words, it is possible for Kotone to master her abilities through practice.

There is still no scientific explanation for supernatural abilities, and I don't know myself if I can believe the author of the book I had bought, but I decide to have faith anyway.

I read the book from cover to cover, but I can't find any explanation of supernatural abilities similar to Kotone's, so I have to give up my search.

Still, she can practice.

If she practices, I'm sure she'll be able to control her powers.

It is lunch time, and I ask Kotone to come to the school rooftop with me.

I did my own research into supernatural abilities, but I couldn't find anything about your particular powers.

…

So I was wondering if you'd tell me more about your powers yourself.

My powers?

Yeah. We might be able to come up with a way to control your powers if you tell me about them.

…Maybe.

Let's start with what happens when your powers are about to kick in.

Okay… It begins with a high-pitched sound…

So ringing ears…

That's when Kotone holds her head.

Then, it feels like a white light inside my head gradually gets bigger and bigger…

Inside your head? I'm not sure I'm really following.

I can't explain it very well myself. That's just how it feels…

Hmm. And then?

Once the light completely fills my head, my power shoots out. I can hold the light back temporarily so that it doesn't happen.

I see.

That must be when she's crouched down trying to fight something back.

…Also, there are times where I know what's about to happen. It's not often, though.

You have premonitions?

…Come to think of it, Shiho did mention something about predictions at the beginning.

Yes…I think.

But you don't get hurt or cause any damage when that happens right? What about when you lose control?

Oh, right. I was talking about how I can hold it back for a while, correct?

Yeah, what happens after that?

When my powers are about to be unleashed, I focus on some kind of glass.

So she does intentionally break glass?

…So I was thinking-is it really necessary for you to break glass? Why don't you move things or something else? You can do that, right?

Yes…but it would be more dangerous to do so.

Why?

I feel like there's not much difference between breaking and moving things.

If I move something smaller than the force of my power, then the remaining power gets turned into momentum…

Kotone tells me about the time she moved a small vase.

The vase didn't just move-it flew across the room, hit a wall, and shattered.

Huh.

So, if she tries to move something small there could be dire consequences.

Then what about large objects?

If I try to move large objects with an insufficient amount of power, then the remaining power required to make it move returns into my head…

That extra power gives Kotone an intense migraine.

Back when she was still new to her powers, Kotone had been knocked out by them before in a similar situation.

The ambulance was called and it was a whole scene.

That's crazy…

The doctor said I had a concussion, but it was strange that I didn't have any external injuries…

Although the doctor was convinced that Kotone must have hit her head with force, there wasn't a single bump on it.

As the doctor pondered over what could have happened, Kotone was terrified of the sheer power that was reflected back into her.

I am just as terrified hearing about it.

It's completely possible for her to die from blunt-force trauma to the head without even a single external injury…

What happens when you break things then?

I wonder if the size or toughness of items matters.

…It's the same when I break things. The power gets reflected back to me depending on the size or toughness of the item. But it's different with glass.

Glass is different?

As long as it's not too small then, well… I'm fine.

Kotone doesn't seem to understand the logic behind it either.

She isn't sure why, but glass absorbs all of the power.

Hmm, I think I get the gist of it.

I attempt to summarize all of the facts.

She can hold the power back temporarily.

And there's no reflection back at her if she directs her powers at glass…

These are the two important points.

…But what happens if she holds the power back?

You can hold the power back temporarily, right? Can you stop it altogether…?

I ask just in case, but Kotone shakes her head.

Out of the question. If I hold it back for too long, then the power just grows stronger.

She says, looking down.

I had a feeling you would say that… It's like a loaded spring.

Yes…

Then the only solution is glass, but she can't go breaking glass every time her powers crop up.

So I decide to offer up what I think is a good idea.

It is a grand plan that I came up with during class.

I did some research into supernatural abilities…

I tell Kotone all about what was written in the book.

You mentioned energy flowing in… I feel that too.

Kotone must be referring to that Mind Energy.

Really? Then I guess that book's pretty reliable.

…Maybe.

If that's the case, I've got a great idea.

What does it involve?

Your powers get out of control when you have too much energy, right? So why don't you try to use it bit by bit before it gets to that stage?

You mean…of my own volition?

That way, you won't overflow with energy and your powers won't go crazy.

Yes…maybe…

Kotone looks down.

You don't like the idea?

It's not that…

Then let's give it a shot.

The concept of energy might apply to powers other than my own, and…

And?

How could I possibly voluntarily use my powers…?

There's nothing wrong with that. Your powers could be pretty handy if you use them properly.

I hate them. Just having them has made me an outcast…

Kotone becomes even gloomier.

…Yeah, that's right.

She sees her supernatural abilities as a barrier between her and others, nothing more.

…Sorry.

…

But it's your only choice right now if you want to find a better way, don't you think?

…

Remember, I said I'd help you. You're not alone anymore.

…

I gently put my hand on Kotone's shoulder.

She lifts her head to look up at me.

Okay?

…Okay.

Alright, then let's try practicing your powers sometime.

…Sure. Thank you.

Kotone promises to make some time to try and practice using her powers.

I also promise to help her with her practice. Then, we part ways.

I hope you find a way to control your powers, Kotone.

It is lunch time.

The weather is beautiful, so I go out on a walk around the courtyard when I spot Kotone sitting by herself on a bench.

Hey, Kotone.

Oh.

She hears me, stands up from the bench, and bows her head slightly.

…Hello.

Out soaking up some rays too?

Um, yes.

Mind if I sit next to you?

Oh, uh, go ahead.

I speak in a pretty casual tone while Kotone is on the polite side.

It wouldn't hurt for her to be a little less cold towards me.

I sit down on the bench.

You should have a seat too, Kotone.

Uh, okay.

Kotone nods and sits down next to me with a slightly nervous look on her face.

Do you always come here at lunch time?

No, I just ended up here… I was walking to somewhere with fewer people and…that's how…

She trails off.

It is as if she has said too much.

…

She seems to find it suffocating in her own classroom, as usual.

Her classmates will go out of their way to avoid her like the plague because of her supernatural abilities.

So she will go find isolated places to be by herself before other students can judge her.

I feel sorry for her.

I don't care about any of the rumors.

But I decide to avoid the topic.

Hey, since we're here in a quiet place, let's talk about something fun!

I smile.

…S-Sure.

Kotone nods awkwardly.

There is a slight look of uncertainty on her face that she can't hide.

She is probably worried about her supernatural abilities causing me trouble.

Nice weather, huh?

…Yes.

Hmm, what should we talk about?

We engage in some small talk as I try to think of a topic to bring up.

Uhhh…

I glance around casually and spot a few guys playing baseball with a broomstick.

You guys are highschoolers and you're still goofing about like idiots?

I think to myself, but can't stop watching them.

The pitcher takes  a big wind up and then…

He throws the ball.

*thwack*

The batter hits it.

The ball flew straight ahead and…

…Ack.

The ball came hurtling towards us!

Look out!

Huh?

No, it's almost here!

It's gonna hit Kotone!

I leap across to shield Kotone.

Eek!

And then…

!

…I see it.

…It is barely a moment, but I see it clearly with my own two eyes.

…A strange scene.

*bomphf* *bomphf* *bomphf, bomphf, bomphf, bomphf, bomphf*

The ball rolls to my feet.

I stare with my mouth agape in disbelief at the patch of empty air where the ball suddenly stops.

Heeey! Could you get the ball for us?

The guys playing baseball yell to me, snapping me out of my daze.

Kotone, who was curled up into a ball, slowly begins to stand up.

…What happened to the ball?

Kotone says as she looks around.

It's there.

I point towards the ball at our feet.

…It didn't hit you?

N-No…

I shake my head in a dream-like daze.

Heeeeey!

The guys call out to me again.

I rush to pick up the ball at my feet and throw it towards the voice.

*fwomp*

The male student catches the ball with ease.

Thanks!

He yells.

And then goes back to playing baseball again.

I gaze at the scene absentmindedly, while the incomprehensible scene from earlier keeps replaying in my mind.

…The ball was definitely on course to hit us.

But it didn't.

Because it suddenly stopped in mid-air.

It was blocked by some kind of invisible wall, stopped in mid-air, dropped, and then rolled to our feet.

Could it be that…Kotone used her psychic powers?

Psychic powers that she had no control over…

Maybe she managed to use them without even realizing it?

…It's a little dangerous out here, don't you think?

Kotone says as if nothing had happened.

…D-Did you see what happened just now, Kotone?

I ask.

Hm? See what?

The ball was headed right for us, but it didn't hit us. Did you see what happened?

…I was so startled that I had my eyes closed the whole time…

Kotone says apologetically.

Then, it wasn't intentional at all.

Should we go over there to get to a safer place?

Kotone says while I am lost in my thoughts.

The guys continue to play broomstick baseball.

I guess.

I nod and we both stand up.

We begin to walk to the other bench she points out.

She can't use her powers when she wants to, but she can unintentionally.

It must burn energy to use her powers.

That means using her powers could be a way to prevent an uncontrollable surge of energy.

Interesting… Very interesting…

As I think to myself…

*bomphf* *bomphf, bomphf*

The same ball from before rolls to my feet again.

I look up and see the guys waving at me.

They want me to throw it back to them again.

I pick the ball up.

…

A single thought crosses my mind.

I wonder what would happen if I launched this ball at Kotone?

Maybe she'd put up another supernatural barrier to stop it like she did before.

Kotone has her guard down right now.

If I throw it at her, she might put up a barrier without thinking again.

…

It could be worth a shot.

I lift up my right arm and aim at Kotone's head as she walks past me.

She is about three yards away.

There is no way I'll miss.

I wind my arm.

Kotone!

And call out to her, ready to throw the ball.

Yes?

She turns around.

And then I…

Throw the ball!

*DOINK*

Oh…

It makes a sound of impact and bounces off.

The ball hit Kotone square in the head.

Shocked, Kotone blinks in confusion.

I am frozen in my post-throw position.

Fuji…ta?

Kotone, on the verge of tears, holds her head.

Wh-Why did you…

Well, I, uhh…

I laugh awkwardly.

And then!

AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

I jump at the sudden booming loud voice.

The owner of the bellow is Shiho, who is hanging out of the school building window.

I saw it! Everything! With my own two eyes! Uh-huh! The very moment you bullied her!

Wh-What?!

Stop right there!

She had barely finished her sentence before she climbs out the window and leaps into the courtyard.

Shiho then came running towards me.

E-Easy now…

You ogre! Devil! Scumbag!

Those are the first things she says to me when she gets right up in my face.

L-Look. There's a perfectly good reason for-

Shiho ignores me and rushes over to Kotone.

Are you okay? Did that hurt?

Huh? O-Oh, I'm fine…

H-Hey! Are you even listening to me?! I wasn't bullying her. It was actually a really important experiment…

I don't care what it was! Apologize to her right now, Hiro!

Okay, so I'm, uhh…

…

…

Ack.

…S-Sorry.

I apologize as I was told.

What are you apologizing about?! We wouldn't need to call the cops if an apology could fix things!

What is she rambling on about? SHE'S the one who made me apologize!

I-I was trying to tell you that…

…Listen. You're a high-schooler now and you still can't tell the difference between right and wrong? Come here! If you're going to apologize then at least be more sincere!

Kotone is utterly overwhelmed by Shiho's barrage of cutting remarks, but eventually, she feels bad for how I was being verbally attacked without any chance to defend myself and timidly steps in to support me.

…Um, Fujita wasn't bullying me. He was…just fooling around, I think.

Hear that?! Even she's got words of wrath for-

She didn't say anything wrathful!

…Eventually, as Shiho and I continue to argue, the bell rings to signal the start of fifth period.

Maybe my attempt to get her to use her powers without realizing it was pointless…

Alright! It'll be lunch time once this class is over.

I think Kotone will be out in the courtyard practicing her psychic powers.

Maybe I'll pay her a visit after I've had lunch.

A. Go.

B. Don't go.

Nah, I'll give it a pass this time around.

Over here, Fujita…

Okay.

It is lunch time and Kotone directs me to go to the courtyard when I go to her classroom to see her.

She says that she had gained control of her powers.

Kotone wants me to see her skills straight away, so I follow her.

…I'll try using them here.

Kotone leads me to a bench.

She places a closed sketchbook (her own, maybe?) on it and then puts a ping-pong ball on top of it.

What are you gonna do with that?

They will be part of my demonstration…

Kotone closes her eyes.

Silence…

Something happens.

But I don't know what.

It is a strange feeling, as if sound has disappeared from my surroundings.

There is both a ringing and a serenity in my ears.

I hold my breath.

In the next moment, the ping-pong ball begins to slowly roll.

Then, it stops at the edge of the sketchbook.

…That's it.

I realize upon Kotone signaling the end of her demonstration that all that had just occurred is her doing.

…Was that your powers just now?

It was just a ping-pong ball rolling a little-not exactly a big display.

Did you think it was the wind or something?

…

I give a vague nod.

I'll do it again…

Kotone closes her eyes for the second time.

The usual ringing of the ears begins…

Oh!

I see it this time.

The ping-pong ball returns to the middle of the sketchbook and then rolls around in a little circle.

A gust of wind wouldn't be able to make it move in such an unnatural way.

The ball rolls around in circles and then eventually stops.

Kotone doesn't say a word, so I look over to her and notice that she has turned bright red and is about to collapse.

Kotone!

I catch her just in time.

…Sorry. I pushed myself a little too hard…

Moving a light, round ball in a specific direction seems to be the limit of Kotone's power that she has control over.

Making it then spin around in circles is far too advanced for her, who is only just getting started.

She pushed herself beyond her limits to convince me and ended up getting light-headed because of it.

It must be so hard for her to use her powers intentionally.

All she did was make something extremely light move, yet she broke out into a sweat and all the blood rushed to her face.

It was to the point that she got light-headed and almost collapsed.

She pushed herself that hard to show me her progress?

That was impressive. I saw exactly what you did. You made it move, right?

Yes, but now I'm being a burden to you because of it…

What are you talking about? More importantly, you should probably lie down on the bench.

Kotone pipes up, still leaning on me.

It's okay. Let me stay like this for a bit…

Okay.

Right after we finish our conversation…

AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Huh?

I turn in a panic to see where the scream is coming from.

Hold it! What's this?! Why are you two hugging each other in broad daylight?!

Sh-Shiho?! L-Look, I can explain…

Hiro, I see you're now preying on younger students!

Hey, quit spreading vicious rumors about me!

I use the remainder of my lunch break, which still has a while to go, convincing Shiho that I was only holding onto Kotone because she got light-headed.

Still, Kotone took a small step forward.

Kotone said herself that she'll practice to be able to wield her powers more effectively. This is something to look forward to.

It is a satisfying lunch break all around for me.

Maybe I'll go grab a bite to eat somewhere…

As I wander around the shopping arcade thinking to myself, I spot Kotone.

Heya, Kotone!

I chase after her.

Oh, Fujita. Hi.

Kotone bows a little.

I feel like I have nothing to lose and invite her to eat with me. She doesn't hesitate to agree, so we head into a nearby restaurant.

As we eat and chat away, Kotone says that she wants me to watch her practice again.

I love how passionate about practice she is.

I don't have anything better to do, so I agree to go with her.

We leave the restaurant and go somewhere quiet… The park.

Okay, show me what you've got.

Um, sure.

She said while holding a ball.

It is much heavier than a ping-pong ball.

Wow, you're going to move that?

Yes.. Um, I'm going to move it right now, so please watch.

Kotone sounds happy.

I feel like a father whose daughter is proudly showing me a test paper with a perfect score.

Yeah? Don't push yourself too hard like the other day, though.

I say, blushing slightly

Okay.

Kotone nods and then gradually begins to focus.

I hold my breath and watch her.

…

The air around us eventually falls into a frozen silence.

My ears begin to ring.

She's about to unleash her powers.

The ball very slowly, but surely enough, floats up.

It holds weakly in the air and looks as if it could fall at any second.

Bit by bit, it floats higher and higher until it stops at Kotone's eye level.

I think it's taken about ten seconds to rise this far…

As I am about to open my mouth to speak, the ball falls to the ground, and Kotone exhales with force.

Wow…

After she completely finishes, I am finally able to say what I've been wanting to say.

Thank…you.

Kotone sounds a little tired.

Is it really tough on your body?

Yes… But I've gotten a lot stronger compared to yesterday.

Yeah? I think you should sit down.

I direct Kotone to the bench.

…Okay.

She nods, and I join her on the bench after picking the ball up from the ground.

This is seriously incredible, Kotone. You'd earn a killing if you performed on TV.

I say with excitement.

I'm sure nobody would have a bad word to say about her if she became a star.

…

But a cloud of doubt hangs over Kotone and she looks down.

Um… I really don't want that…

I completely understand where you're coming from… But I honestly wish that I could rid myself of these powers…

Sorry, I kinda got carried away…

Kotone gently shakes her head in response.

Please don't worry about it… While I won't perform on TV, I have full confidence that things will go well if I follow your plan…

…I'm really sorry.

She trusts me so much, yet I go and suggest something stupid like that. I'm such an idiot!

It's okay, Fujita… I'll do my best today, so please continue to coach me.

Kotone flashes me the biggest smile she can to try and clear the oppressive vibe.

Hahaha, yeah! Let's do this!

We're not gonna get anywhere if I get all down on myself.

She shouldn't be consoling me, anyway!

Um, okay.

…Today's training is unusually intense for both of us, and even though Kotone is the most exhausted, I end up feeling pretty drained as well.

Still, we are moving in the right direction.

We both need to keep this up so that Kotone can eventually stop her powers from getting out of hand.

I head over to Kotone's classroom during break time.

I am curious about how her psychic training is going.

I approach someone who looks like they were in Class B.

Could you call Himekawa over for me?

They tell me that Kotone has gone to the infirmary.

She had apparently had an anemic episode and fainted.

I run right over to the infirmary.

It's not anemia.

She must have pushed herself too hard, just like the other day!

When I get to the infirmary, and I see that the nurse isn't around…

I check the beds and find Kotone lying down.

Kotone.

I gently say her name, and she opens her eyes.

Oh, Fujita…

She sits up.

I went to your classroom and someone told me that you fainted… I just came by to check on you, so you don't have to get up.

…Sorry for causing you trouble. I'm feeling a lot better now, though.

I was a little relieved to see that she was doing better than I had expected.

You exerted yourself too hard, didn't you?

I thought that I wouldn't be able to stop the energy from overflowing…unless I used more of my powers…

Kotone sounds down.

If she wants to stop the energy from overflowing, she needs to use energy more quickly than she absorbs it.

Kotone figured that she wouldn't use enough energy moving a baseball, so she tried to make a volleyball float. That's when she collapsed.

You were doing so well. There's no need to rush.

…I pushed myself…because I wanted you to be proud of me.

Kotone…

…I'm useless. I'm sure that one day my abilities will become so powerful that I won't be able to control them. When that happens, I'll do the unthinkable to you and everyone else…

Kotone laughs at how pitiful she is.

That's not true. You just need to take small steps.

…

Listen. I haven't given up. But if you give up now then nothing will change, right?

…

Kotone nods slightly.

It's too early to make assumptions. All I can do is offer you support, but I don't want you to say such disheartening things.

…I'm sorry for selfishly giving up when you were the one who helped me to start practicing.

All I did was give you a reason to start. It's not a big deal, and I don't want that to weigh on your mind. But don't lose to your negative thoughts.

I gave her an encouraging pat on the shoulder.

…Okay.

It feels pretty gloomy right now.

I am trying to encourage her, but it looks like I've made her feel more depressed…

Now then, what should I do during my lunch break?

Maybe I'll go and see Kotone.

A. Go.

B. Don't go.

Nah, not today.

I go to the courtyard and glance at all of the benches.

I find Kotone straight away.

She is sitting on a bench as usual, staring at a few baseballs.

Heya, Kotone!

Oh, Fujita. Hi.

She stands up and bows.

How's it going?

Um, I think it's going well.

She smiles.

That's good to hear.

I can move two more balls now than I could last time I showed you.

Kotone is always overjoyed to tell me about her training progress whenever I come to watch.

And I've been enjoying seeing her like that lately too.

That's some impressive progress!

Kotone can make three balls float in the air.

Adding two to that brings the total to five.

Yes! I hated my powers so much, but being able to control them now makes me really happy. It makes me so excited…to show you.

Heh! Okay, nice! I'll come watch whenever you want!

Thank you.

Kotone smiles and nods.

Okay, show me what you've got.

Um, sure.

Kotone freely moves the five balls right before my eyes.

It is a stark improvement compared to back when she could barely make a ping-pong ball roll.

I can't be happier for her.

Okay, let's call it a day.

What? Why?

Kotone looks puzzled.

You're tired. I can tell.

Oh…

Kotone looks down.

I was right.

You always push yourself to the limits of your powers whenever you're with me. I don't want you to collapse here and hurt yourself.

I completely understand the desire to try harder in front of others.

But overexertion is a big no-no in my book.

…Sorry. I always end up pushing myself too hard…

Kotone looks down in embarrassment having realized what I was alluding to.

It's okay. Let's use the rest of our time today to talk.

Um, sure…

…

…

I am the one who suggested that we talk, but I miss my opportunity to start a conversation.

I gotta do something about this awkward silence…

It is at that moment that two birds fly down to sit on a branch of the huge tree in front of us.

They resemble sparrows, but are black and a little bigger…

Those are called 'Grey Starlings.'

Kotone says as I stare at them in deep thought.

Huh. You sure know a lot about animals.

Yes. I often read illustrated reference books when I'm alone…

Really? Why are you so passionate about learning?

Why…? I don't really know myself…

Seriously?

But if I had to pinpoint an exact reason, then…

Then? Don't leave me hanging now.

Um… It was when I was in second or third grade…

While on vacation with my mom and dad.

We stayed in an inn in a quiet port town.

We were looking for a fun activity, so my parents took me to an aquarium on the large island on the other side of the bay.

I was so happy that I left my parents behind and explored the aquarium on my own.

Eventually, I visited all of the exhibits and left the aquarium.

Outside, there was a large pool. The skies were cloudy and the wind was strong. Nobody was around because it was somewhat cold outside.

I wanted to look inside the pool, but the barrier around it was a little too high for me to see.

I really wanted to see inside, so I tried jumping up and all kinds of other ways to get a better look.

But not only could I not see, but a sudden gust of wind blew my hat away.

It was a hat that matched my favorite dress.

My hat flew right over the barrier.

And fell into the pool.

I really love that hat, so I got sad and started to cry.

My parents eventually arrived to pick me up and hug me, but I just kept crying.

But that's when my hat popped up from behind the wall. We were all surprised to see it.

A dolphin had picked up my hat for me.

A dolphin had reached out above the wall with my hat in its mouth.

My dad told me to thank the dolphin and carried me over to it.

It was really big, but I wasn't scared of it.

Because the dolphin looked at me with such gentle eyes.

I thanked the dolphin and then took my hat from it.

The strangest thing was that my hat wasn't wet at all.

I wore my hat and reached out straight away to pet the dolphin.

My dad and I thanked the dolphin again. I think it understood what we said because it returned to the pool afterwards.

I couldn't stop staring deep into the water where the dolphin disappeared to.

That was my first time meeting a dolphin.

Wow… Dolphins sure are smart, huh.

After that incident, I realized that I spoke to a dolphin and that animals are our friends…

I see. So that's where your love for animals began…

I think so.

And maybe you're who you are today thanks to that dolphin…

…Um, then do you think it would be okay if I said I have the dolphin to thank for meeting you too, Fujita?

Why not?

Great!

We continue to have fun talking about all things animal-related.

Kotone is a fountain of knowledge and tells me about so many things far more fascinating than Shiho could ever offer.

I'll go on my next lunch break.

I might go and see Kotone.

She's been doing pretty well lately.

A. Go.

B. Don't go.

Nah, I don't want to disturb her.

I'll hold off today.

Alright! Time to go see Kotone.

Hey, Masashi.

What?

I'm skipping basketball today.

Okay… Say, Hiroyuki? You disappear at lunch sometimes. What have you been up to?

I'm a superpower coach.

Huh?

Okay, see ya.

Wait, but what do you mean by superpower-?

I leave Masashi and arrive at the courtyard.

And Kotone…

Is there too.

Hey, Kotone.

Oh. Hi, Fujita. I was just about to get started.

Perfect. I've actually come up with a new training program.

A new…program?

Yeah. We've been increasing the number of balls this whole time, right? There's gotta be a limit to that, so I figured we should switch things up.

That makes sense.

Kotone stares at the balls sitting on the bench.

There are six of them.

What are we? Part of the Softball Club?

What does the new program involve?

It's simple. You'll stop the ball with your psychic powers.

Stop the ball…

I'll veeeery gently throw the ball, so I want you to stop it with your powers. You could even stop it in mid-air, if you want.

That sounds difficult…

We can do something else if it's too hard.

Okay.

Alright, I'll throw it from over there.

Um, sure. Please…uh, throw it very slowly.

Let's do this.

I pick up a ball and step a short distance away from Kotone.

Here I go!

I do a big wind up…

Um, Fujita?

Kotone seems surprised at my looking like I am getting ready to pitch a fastball.

Ball's away!

I swing my arm down.

Eek!

She shrieks, quickly moving to cover her head and ducks.

…Juuuust joshing with ya.

I say as I toss the ball back and forth between my hands. I obviously hadn't thrown it.

Kotone cautiously lifts her head up.

You…almost gave me a heart attack.

She places a hand on her chest, breathing a sigh of relief.

Wait, did I seriously scare you?

Y-Yes…

Oh, sorry. My bad. I couldn't help myself.

…Please don't do that again.

Fine, fine. I won't. Okay, I'm throwing it for real this time.

Okay.

Kotone nods, and I go back to where I had been standing.

Here I go.

Go ahead.

Take that!

I gently toss the ball underhand.

The ball flies up in an arc towards Kotone.

Hngh!

She makes a noise and tenses up.

Then, at around the same time, the ball loses momentum and drops to the ground.

I'm pretty sure that ball was on course to hit Kotone, but it drops like rock…

She definitely snuffed out the ball's momentum with her powers.

Ooh, great job.

Um, but I failed. It doesn't count as a success unless the ball is suspended in the air, right?

Well, that would be ideal.

Then I want to continue until I can do that.

Sure.

I get ready to throw the ball again.

Alright, here I go!

I'm ready.

Take that!

I must have thrown the ball over ten times.

The ball carves an arc through the air towards Kotone, just like before.

Hngh!

Kotone focuses her powers and the ball curves down and…

The ball did not drop to the ground.

The ball looks like it is about to drop, but then Kotone pushes harder and makes it suspend at eye level.

Yes! You stopped it!

I did!

Kotone smiles.

I nod enthusiastically.

Whoa, what's going on?!

We suddenly hear someone yell.

The ball drops to the ground.

I look over and see a girl pointing in our direction in shock.

Mori…moto?

Kotone whispers.

Is she a freshman…?

Maybe a classmate of Kotone's?

Himekawa! You're using supernatural powers, aren't you? It's not some evil ghost, right?

She runs over full of excitement.

…

Kotone seems a little unsure and nods awkwardly.

Woooow! So you really do have psychic powers! Hey, show me something else!

As Morimoto insists, Kotone gives me a troubled look.

That girl probably saw Kotone suspend the ball in mid-air earlier.

There's no point hiding her abilities now.

I nod as if to say, "Go ahead and show her."

With that, Kotone slowly picks the ball up from near her feet and quietly closes her eyes.

The usual ringing of the ears happens for a moment before the ball begins to slowly rise from the palm of her hand.

The girl gasps in surprise after she waved her hand around the ball to check for any strings.

W-Wooooow!

The trouble began after that.

We have a hard time trying to convince the girl not to bring other students over.

If word spreads, then it will keep blowing up and TV cameras will swarm Kotone.

Even if Kotone gains control over her abilities, she would end up unhappy because of the attention.

I somehow manage to convince Morimoto to keep it a secret, but I am still worried.

I am hoping for something else to happen.

The girl is watching Kotone with admiration.

Kotone, on the other hand, seems unsure of it all.

Either way, it'd be great if this can help to change everyone's opinion on Kotone.

My concern turns into hope.

It is break time, and I spot Kotone in the hallway.

She is with someone.

A girl from her class, maybe?

I watch for a little while. The girl smiles, waving her hand at Kotone as she leaves.

It seems a little out-of-character for Kotone to have such a close friend.

I call out to Kotone when she was left on her own.

Heya, Kotone.

Oh, Fujita. Hi.

Was that a friend of yours?

Um, we're in the same class…

And?

I feel like the attitude of all my classmates suddenly changed after I showed Morimoto my powers…

It hit me after she said that.

You mean they suddenly started talking to you?

Kotone nods.

…I knew it.

If my hunch is correct, then that means that things are improving.

…Do you think that Morimoto told them everything?

Probably.

…

Kotone looks down.

I think it's a good thing.

…Why's that?

It means that they've all acknowledged and accepted you as someone with supernatural abilities.

And not a creepy "evil spirit girl."

I know how people used to look at me… But…my problem still remains.

What do you mean?

I haven't mastered the ability to control my powers yet…

Do you really need to worry about that now? You haven't lost control recently, so your practice must be paying off.

We can't say that for certain unless we monitor the situation a little longer.

I guess you're right. I'll help you practice until you're comfortable with your powers.

…Then, our conversation ended, and I hurried off.

​

I'm extra sleepy today.

You look really tired today, Yuki.

*yaaaawn* It's because I read an entire book with no pictures yesterday.

Wow, Yuki.

Impressed, huh. But, whew… It wasn't a school book.

Oh, it's that girl with the psychic powers-Kotone Himekawa.

A. Talk to her.

B. Don't talk to her.

I've still got that incident on the stairs on my mind, so I'll strike up a conversation with her.

Hey, you got a second?

I call out from behind and Kotone very cautiously turns around.

…

She stares at me.

With those big eyes of hers.

Her hair is long and shiny, with a slight wave to it.

The layers cut into her hair make for a nice accent.

Looking at her now, she really is the perfect example of a pretty girl.

Remember me? The guy who ran into you at the stairs during lunch break.

…

Kotone nods.

Can I talk to you about something?

I ask her again.

…What is it?

I've heard the rumors about you… That you have supernatural abilities.

Her face turns gloomy in an instant, and she looks down.

…

I'm not here to tease you. I just find it hard to believe, so I want to see for myself.

…I do have supernatural abilities.

Really? So the glass breaking the other day was…

Yes, I did that.

What I'm curious about is why you did it.

…

Kotone falls quiet.

What should I say?

A. Is there a reason you can't tell me?

B. It's not like I care.

C. I don't think much of your glass-breaking.

Is there a reason you can't tell me?

…

Kotone remains silent.

Looks like there is something.

…

Kotone doesn't say anything, but she does glance at me.

Even though she looks down straight away, it seems like she is trying to tell me something through her eyes.

Hey, I…

You'll experience nothing but trouble if you talk to me.

Kotone interrupts me with her words filled with sadness.

Trouble?

Please excuse me…

She bows and turns right around.

Oh…

The mood is dark, so I can't bring myself to say anything else.

Has she had bad experiences because of her powers?

It's not like I care.

And it's not like I've got a right to stick my nose into her business.

As I am thinking that…

I'm weird, aren't I…?

Kotone says in a voice that almost disappears into the air.

What?

Because I break things with my powers…

Her voice quivers.

Hey, come on now…

Did I say something wrong?

I can't let myself cause you trouble by continuing this conversation, so I'll excuse myself…

She bows and turns right around.

…

Kotone's mood suddenly takes a downward turn, and all I can do is watch her leave in silence.

She must have had some really bad experiences because of her powers…

I don't think much of your glass-breaking.

…

Did you really break the glass?

I ask, just to make sure.

I still don't actually believe any of it.

It is entirely plausible for something to have hit the window and broken it.

It was wrong of me, I know…

Kotone sounds close to tears.

Oh, sorry. I'm not angry or anything.

I frantically try to explain myself.

…

Kotone doesn't respond.

I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way…

No…

She is a moment away from crying.

Hey, I'm sorry for stopping you over something so silly.

All I can do is apologize.

…

It's okay, you can go now.

And with that, Kotone bows and turns right around.

A junior making a freshman cry? Man, I'm just a big bully.

Hiroyuki Fujita, you jerk!

I feel so guilty as I watch Kotone disappear.

I think about striking up a conversation about what happened at the stairs, but decide against it.

She'll probably think I'm a weirdo if I bring up her supernatural abilities when I barely know her.

I notice a familiar-looking girl while I am walking…

Oh, it's Kotone.

A. Talk to her.

B. Don't talk to her.

I gotta apologize to her today.

I call out to Kotone.

Heya!

She turns around and nods silently.

About before…

I start to speak.

I must've put you in an awkward position by bringing up personal things without even knowing what you're going through.

That's okay…

I was really agonizing over it because I figured I must've hurt your feelings.

…Um, please don't dwell on it.

I can't help it. You looked so distraught, Kotone.

Um…

Kotone suddenly looks unsettled.

I don't think she is expecting me to call her by her first name.

…Actually, I don't think I've introduced myself. I'm Hiroyuki Fujita from Class 2-B.

…You already know who I am, right?

Yeah. Kotone Himekawa from Class 1-B, right? Sorry for doing that research on you.

That's okay… I'm not normal, so it's only natural for you to notice me…

Kotone looks down.

She must hate being the subject of rumors.

How should I react?

A. Yeah.

B. That's not true.

C. You shouldn't say that about yourself.

Yeah…

I nod.

…

Kotone doesn't say a word.

I mean, I'm only talking to her now because of the rumors about her being 'not normal.'

Kotone, I want to set the record straight. Do you have supernatural abilities or not?

I ask her what has been on my mind for the longest time.

She'll easily send the school rumor mill into overdrive if she really did have psychic powers.

There'll be people approaching her just to gawk at her.

But I'm not one of them. Not yet, at least.

I still had my doubts about the very existence of supernatural abilities, so I haven't even begun to think about how interesting they could be..

…You saw the glass break that one time, right? I did that.

That wasn't really clear evidence for me.

Why do you say that?

Glass can easily be broken, right? And it's hard to believe in your powers if a window just happened to break out of nowhere.

…

I didn't even see the moment it broke. Maybe a ball hit it or something.

No, Fujita…

What?

I genuinely do have supernatural abilities.

Then show it to me to clear my doubts. Just once will do.

A sad look spreads across Kotone's face.

…I can't.

No?

Because I gotta give her something in return?

My powers are dangerous. I can't put you in danger.

Dangerous? What do you mean?

Fujita, please…don't come near me or talk to me.

…

Seeing her say that with such agony in her eyes renders me silent.

Please excuse me…

Kotone bows at me and then scurries off.

I am left there simply watching her leave.

Are Kotone's psychic powers really that dangerous?

That's not true. You're normal if you act normal.

…

Kotone glances at me and then looks back down.

If you ask me, I think the people spreading the strange rumors are blowing the truth all out of proportion.

I say as I imagine the main broadcaster of the rumors.

A certain girl I know very well…

She's the one to blame for this.

…I think you might have the wrong idea.

However, Kotone dismisses my reassurances.

Really?

You saw my powers yourself, didn't you?

About that, it didn't feel like clear evidence.

Clear…evidence?

I wanna get one more good look at your powers. That should clear the uncertainty a bit about whether your powers are real or not.

A sad look spreads across Kotone's face.

…I can't. My powers are dangerous. If anything were to happen to you, then…

Dangerous? What do you mean?

Fujita, please…don't come near me or talk to me.

…

Seeing her say that with such agony in her eyes renders me silent.

Please excuse me…

Kotone bowed at me and then scurried off.

I am left there simply watching her leave.

Are Kotone's psychic powers really that dangerous?

The way Kotone talked down about herself didn't sit right with me.

You shouldn't say that about yourself.

What…?

You'll block off your path to success if you sound defeated like that.

…I guess.

Uh, so I didn't come here to lecture you… I actually came to apologize.

Sorry. It seems like I've caused you trouble.

Whoa, hey now! I should be the one saying that.

No… I'm sure my powers are to blame for all of this.

I don't think that's true.

Although, it would be a different story if her powers were the reason why I said things to make her sad.

I'm sure I wouldn't have had the chance to speak to you like this if it weren't for my powers, so…

What do you mean by that?

I'm guessing she's assuming that we never would've met if I hadn't heard those rumors about her psychic powers.

I had a flashback to the first time we met.

Look out! Duck!

Kotone yelled and then the window suddenly shattered with a huge bang…

I didn't see the actual moment the window broke, but it shattered nonetheless.

Could you show me your powers again? If you don't mind, that is.

I don't really feel as though it was her powers that caused the accident.

But if she shows me her powers again, I feel like I'd be able to believe.

Then, a sad look crosses Kotone's face.

…I can't. My powers are dangerous. If I were to hurt you in the process, then…

Dangerous? What do you mean?

Fujita, please…don't come near me or talk to me.

…

Seeing her say that with such agony in her eyes renders me silent.

Please excuse me…

Kotone bows at me and then scurries off.

All I can do is watch her leave.

Are Kotone's psychic powers really that dangerous?

Better not do anything.

Kotone's a new freshman, so I'll seem like I have some kind of ulterior motive if a junior like me keeps hanging around her.

As I am thinking about what I'll do when I get home, a girl walking past me catches my eye.

She looks familiar…

It doesn't take me long to realize who it is.

Wait a minute, is that Kotone?

Heya, Kotone!

She had been looking down the whole time, but turns to look at me when I call out to her.

When she realizes it is me, she bows.

On your way home? Let's walk part of the way together.

Okay…

Kotone nods, so I begin to walk by her side.

It's dead quiet…

Oh, that's right. I'm always the one starting the conversations.

I'll try bringing up a random topic.

Hey, Kotone… Have you been really into anything lately?

…

She thinks long and hard.

Oh, yeah! You're good at drawing, right? What kind of things do you draw?

…Scenery.

She finally says a proper word.

Scenery? Like mountains and oceans?

Nothing quite that big.

Okay, nice. So what makes drawing pictures so fun?

Here I am asking her questions like some kind of interview on TV.

It is the best I can do since I don't know much about art.

…I like the time I spend drawing.

The time?

For example, the scent of the wind or the sunshine-things you can only experience outside. I get to feel those things when I'm drawing, and it's amazing.

I get that. It's like when I'm basking in the sun thinking about nothing. That feels great too.

Right. In my case, I'm simply moving my hands rather than gazing off into the distance.

Yeah? I think you're doing something way more productive than me.

…It doesn't feel that way to me.

Don't be like that. You should have more confidence in yourself.

Okay…

I'm jealous that you've got an artsy hobby. All I do on my days off is watch TV at home or hang out around town.

…

Where do you go to draw?

…By the river or to small parks. I don't go so often now that I've moved here, though.

Moved here? You used to live somewhere else?

Oh, yes. I'm from Hokkaido.

Wow, really? Where in Hokkaido?

Hakodate.

Yeah? I've heard of the place. What's it like there?

Um… It's a quiet town with a port and lots of old European-style buildings.

A port town that looks like it's from Europe, huh? That sounds really picturesque.

It is. I sometimes reminisce about it.

Kotone seems a little happy.

Oh, you know what? We're going to Hokkaido for our school trip. Hakodate's one of the stops too.

Really? That's nice.

I'll take lots of pictures while I'm over there, so I'll show them to you when I get back.

Yes, please do.

And so we have fun talking about Hakodate that day.

I thought that Kotone was pretty quiet, but she can actually get pretty talkative with the right topics.

I'm kind of sad that she doesn't smile a lot, but I'm having fun talking about a bunch of things with her.

Oh, it's Kotone.

She notices me and bows.

A. Talk to her.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Heya, Kotone. Heading home?

…Yes.

Then let's walk home together.

Kotone looks at me for a while and then looks back down.

…I can't.

We could at least walk part of the way together, no?

…I'm sorry.

Kotone bows her head with genuine remorse.

…Have I done something to upset you?

Kotone shakes her head vigorously.

Phew…

That's a relief, at least.

Then I can walk you part of the way, can't I?

…No.

I feel like a dog running too fast and getting choked back by my leash.

Why not?

…Because it's dangerous to be around me.

Dangerous? What do you mean by that?

Is someone out to get her?

My powers are dangerous.

Dangerous in what way, exactly?

…They don't do what I want.

Huh? Come again?

They unleash themselves without me having a say…

So that means…they're uncontrollable?!

At that moment, as clear as day, I realize the answer to the lingering questions I had.

Why did Kotone break windows for no reason?

Why did she suddenly shatter light bulbs?

…It's not that they are completely out of control, but it takes all that I have to direct them away from people.

And what if you can't do that?

Then my powers explode within me. I'm sure whoever's near me when that happens will get caught up in the aftermath too.

So you're saying that I could end up like the window?

…It's possible.

But you can aim them at windows and away from others, right? That's pretty safe then.

Even if an object gets broken every time.

Kotone seems tormented.

No… I've been having trouble even doing that lately.

She says.

H-Hey now…

I can't help but shrink away.

Visions of me shattering like glass flashed in my head.

So it's best that you don't come near me.

Kotone cautions.

And so, I…

A. Stubbornly refused.

B. Do as she said.

C. Think of another way.

I don't like the thought of that. If I run away because you're dangerous, then what will you do? Just live the rest of your life alone?

I already know the truth, so what do I have to lose?

It is her powers that make everyone think Kotone is scary or creepy.

And they were why she distanced herself from others.

I didn't think I was the best person around, but I'm not such a low-life that I'd abandon her.

…

Kotone seems overwhelmed by what I said.

So I continue.

…You can control your powers a little, right? So try harder and get full control of them!

…Thank you, but I can't. I've tried to do so in the past and haven't succeeded.

That's in the past, right? Your success lies in the future.

…

I've said it, so that's that. I'm gonna support you until you're able to control your psychic powers!

But…

Kotone seems troubled.

No buts! If you don't like me being around you, then you better hurry up and get your powers under control.

…

Well?

I ask.

O-Okay…

Kotone nods awkwardly.

What? You're not entirely on board?

No, it's just that I've never had someone take my powers seriously before, so…

So she's touched by my gesture then.

Alright! I'm even more pumped about this now.

Um, thank you…

And with that, Kotone and I part ways.

I gotta make sure that I'm all ready to back Kotone up properly.

Maybe you're right…

I mutter and Kotone looks up at me with the saddest eyes.

…That way I won't cause anyone any trouble.

She says with the saddest tone too.

Kotone…

But this is probably for the best.

I might die if I recklessly hang around Kotone.

Um…I'll be going now…

She bows in her usual way and turns around to leave.

Is that how things are always going to be for her?

…Being feared by others, isolated, and then her powers get out of control and endanger others…

I can't let that happen!

Kotone!

I yell out to stop her.

Y-Yes?

We can't let this continue. I don't see myself as the best guy around, but I'm not such a jerk that I can just abandon you.

Fujita…

I've made up my mind. I'm gonna help you, so let's do this together.

Do what…?

Get your powers under control.

Under control…

You have a little control over them, right? So let's help you get them completely under control!

Kotone stares at me.

…Thank you, but I can't. I've tried to do so in the past and haven't succeeded.

She looks down.

That's in the past, right? Your success lies in the future.

…

I've said it, so that's that. I'm gonna support you until you're able to control your psychic powers!

But…

Kotone seems troubled.

No buts! If you don't like me being around you, then you better hurry up and get your powers under control.

I blurt out what sounds like nothing but a threat.

…

Well?

I ask.

O-Okay…

Kotone nods awkwardly.

Alright then.

I at least managed to get her to agree.

I gotta make sure that I'm all ready to back Kotone up properly.

That won't do. There's gotta be some other way.

…But I can't continue to be a burden to you.

I've never once thought of you as a burden. What about you? Is my presence a burden to you?

Kotone looks up at me with lonely eyes.

Yes…

She averts her eyes.

I let out a dry chuckle.

You're a terrible liar. I might have actually backed off if you said that with a scarier look on your face.

…I'm sorry.

Don't sweat it. Anyway, let's try to think of a way to stop your powers from affecting others.

Um, I appreciate your concern, but that's not possible…

It's too early to give up. There's gotta be another way.

…

…I know! You said you can control your powers a little, right? So let's practice so that you gain complete control over them.

…I can't. I've tried before and I failed.

That's in the past, right? The past doesn't necessarily translate into the future.

…

Alright! That's that! I'll support you until you're able to completely control your powers.

But…

No buts! I won't have any of that. We'll do all that we can and if we fail, that's when you're allowed to sound defeated.

…

Well?

O-Okay… I'll do my best.

Alright.

I can't just be a one-man cheer squad.

Maybe I'll do some research into psychic abilities…

Heading home now?

Yes…

Okay, see ya.

Goodbye.

Kotone bows and I wave in response.

Yo, yo, yo, Kotone!

Hello…

A. Let's walk home together.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Let's walk home together.

…Um, sure.

Kotone nods.

Oh…

Kotone makes a small sound of surprise as we walk.

Hm? What's up?

…There's a cat.

Ohh.

I follow Kotone's gaze and see a white cat with brown patches walking ahead.

She carefully approaches it and then crouches down, beckoning it over with her right hand.

Oh, the cat responds.

*meeeeow*

Then, the cat approaches Kotone.

It sidles up to her leg and rubs its body on her.

*meeeeow*

How cute… It's used to being around humans.

Looks like it.

Hey, now it's coming my way.

It starts to rub itself against my leg.

From the look of its shiny coat, it appears to be taken care of by someone.

But as I continue to inspect it, it scurries away from me and back to Kotone.

Heh, guess it doesn't like me.

That's not true. I'm sure it's because I know a magic trick to get cats to like me.

Kotone gently picks the cat up and nuzzles it.

A magic trick? Are you being serious?

Yes.

How do I do it?

It's simple. Just don't look it in the eye.

Don't make eye contact with the cat?

Correct.

Does looking them in the eye make them dislike you?

Yes.

Why? We're always told to make eye contact when we talk.

When it comes to humans, that is.

For humans, yes. But eye contact between cats initiates a fight. A cat generally won't pick a fight with a human, but they still don't appreciate it.

Interesting. So you make it a point to not look them in the eye?

Yes.

…You're a wealth of knowledge, Kotone.

She's practically Dr. Dolittle.

Kotone seems to REALLY like cats.

A. I like cats too.

B. I like dogs.

C. I hate cats.

I like cats too.

I say as I scratch the cat under its chin.

Really?

Not as much as you do, though.

Hehe…

Kotone smiled just now.

I think this is the first time I've ever seen her smile.

This single moment makes me feel on top of the world.

I have always wanted to make her smile with real joy.

I actually like dogs.

I like them too.

Oh, really? But you know what? Now that I'm looking at this little fuzzball up close, cats aren't so bad either.

Yes. That's why I like them.

Are you a cat person?

Yes.

I'm a dog person, but I'm sure we both share the same love for animals so let's be friends.

Okay.

I learn that Kotone is a cat person.

I feel like I grow closer to her with every new discovery I make.

If I had to pick, I'd say that I hate cats.

…Why's that?

Well, first things first-they're noisy at night, right? And they go around entering people's homes stealing food and stuff…

…I see. But they're not as bad as you think they are.

I mean, to each their own. I'm not here to complain to you about them.

Right…

Looks like I took the fun right out of that conversation.

I should have kept that to myself.

See you tomorrow.

I wave goodbye.

Okay, have a good day.

Kotone bows a little.

Are you on your way home, Fujita?

I look over at the direction of the voice piping up from nowhere and see Kotone standing there.

A. Keep talking.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Heya, Kotone!

I greet her energetically.

Ehehe… You seem to be enjoying yourself as usual today.

A little smile spreads across her lips.

Why not? School's over!

Does that mean that you have some time right now?

I sure do.

Um… I was hoping I could talk and walk home together with you today.

Ooh, are you asking me out on a date? Sure! I'll go wherever you wanna go.

We have fun chatting and walking.

Kotone asks me what I did after school, so I decide to tell her what Akari, Shiho, and the rest would often do together.

So I talk about…

A. Karaoke.

B. Game arcades.

…So we always end up in some kind of battle whenever we go to karaoke.

I tell her all about our karaoke battles, thinking she'll find it interesting.

You must be pretty good yourself to be able to compete against them.

Not really. The scoring machine gives higher scores to voices that it picks up better and not necessarily the better singers. That's what I was told.

Really…?

So we get all pumped up and compete to see who gets the highest points, rather than who's the best singer.

I thought those scoring machines were more well made.

You can't expect too much from a machine.

You're right about that.

Do you ever go to karaoke?

No… I've never been before.

Kotone looks down.

She acted like she knew what a scoring machine was, so I just assumed she'd been…

That's way too sad. I only tag along with others, and I don't wanna sound cliche, but belting out a tune really feels exhilarating.

…It relieves stress?

Yeah, something like that. Singing as loud as possible can lift your mood.

That makes sense…

Well? Do you wanna go?

But…I don't know any new songs…

So you're saying you'll go if we only sing oldies? I'm down.

…

Kotone nods ever so slightly.

Okay, then let's go sometime.

I suppose I wouldn't mind every once in a while…

She nods more firmly this time.

Alright! I'll bring her along with some friends that she'll get on well with.

…So we always end up in some kind of battle whenever we go.

I tell her all about our arcade battles, thinking that it isn't something she is familiar with.

…I've always thought that arcades were scary places.

Scary? Really?

Yes… And they're very noisy.

I can't believe that's how arcades seem to you, Kotone…

A-Am I actually wrong?

I think it's the adults around that have the wrong idea.

…?

People say that hooligans hang around arcades, right? I think that really was the case back before we were born.

…

But it's not like that now. You go to them like you would go to a little amusement park.

An…amusement park?

Yeah. I dunno if the adults don't know or don't want to admit it. They're stuck in the past.

I see…

But they are noisy-I'll give you that.

Right.

You don't really like places like that?

Not really…

Yeah? I suppose I wouldn't take someone like you to an arcade either. I definitely wouldn't force you to go.

Thank you… But I don't think I'd mind if I was with you.

Kotone smiles a little.

And thank you for saying that. I'll invite you the next time I go.

Thank you.

Hmm… I guess Kotone doesn't really like arcades.

I mean, I can't really picture her getting into a game either.

Hey! I'm just about to go home. Catch you later.

I wave.

Okay, take care…

Kotone bows.

Fujita.

I suddenly hear my name from behind and turn around.

Hm?

It is Kotone.

Hello.

She bows at me.

Hey.

Are you on your way home?

Yeah, but I'm not gonna go straight home.

Really? Where are you going?

Just gonna hang around the station.

A. Wanna join me, Kotone?

B. Sooo, I'll be off.

…Wanna join me, Kotone?

…Oh, okay. I will accompany you.

Heh! You sound like someone joining me on a voyage!

D-Do I…?

It's totally fine! I didn't mean that in a bad way!

Kotone and I head over to the station.

…That's what I was thinking.

I see.

As we chat and wander around, a YacDonald's sign across the road catches my eye.

YacDonald's, eh…

Kotone seems to notice what I am staring at too and looks up at me.

Man, I'm starting to get hungry. Should we drop by?

…Um, sure.

I'm not hungry, I'm just kinda peckish. You're…not gonna have anything?

…No, I'm okay. Don't mind me. Go ahead and eat.

Really? YacDonald's is pretty good.

I've never really eaten here before…

Are you serious? You should have something then. If you're not after something big, maybe a small fries?

But…

Oh, you don't like fries, huh. Then…how about a pie? They've got a chili shrimp pie, a potato gratin one, and lots of others.

I pretty much describe the whole menu to her.

What am I? A YacDonald's employee?

…

There's also…a buttered potato pie and…

Kotone's expression suddenly changes.

Oh, you like buttered potato pies?

…That one sounds good.

Okay, let's order one.

Man, we have the worst luck. I don't mind, but you never go to YacDonalds. I can't believe there wasn't a single seat in the place.

It's okay… There's something refreshing about eating outside like this.

Yeah? I appreciate you saying that.

I am kind of excited about going to YacDonald's, but we have to leave because all the seats are taken.

We end up returning to the plaza in front of the station.

Oh, this is delicious…

Kotone says while taking a bite.

You were born in Hokkaido, right? Is that why you like buttered potatoes?

Yes. I used to eat them a lot when I was young…

It was pretty obvious when the expression on your face changed.

Oh… Did I pull a strange face?

A. Totally.

B. It was cute.

C. You've got nothing to worry about.

Totally. It made me think that maybe you're more of a big eater than you make yourself out to be.

Th-That's not true…

Kotone's face turns bright red.

Geez, she's so freaking adorable.

Hahaha! I'm kidding. I just thought that you must really like them.

I'm so embarrassed…

She turns even redder and looks down.

Hahaha, you're so cute.

I can't help but tease Kotone.

There is just something so irresistible about her innocent reactions.

You were really cute. It was as if you couldn't resist your favorite foods.

Oh…

Kotone looks down in embarrassment.

There's nothing to be embarrassed about. It's a totally normal reaction. Perfectly fine.

But…it's still embarrassing…

Aww, look at you. A girl so beautiful she puts the flowers to shame. That's how the saying goes, right?

Please stop teasing me…

Bahaha!

I am having lots of fun on what feels like a little date with Kotone.

You've got nothing to worry about. I think it's healthy for a girl to get excited about food.

B-But…

It's totally fine. I don't care either.

…

Kotone's face is still so red it looks like she might pop.

Hahaha, geez…

Despite what I said, I find the troubled-looking Kotone to be pretty cute. I am happy to witness it.

Sooo, I'll see you around.

Oh, okay. Have a good day.

I wave and Kotone bows a little.

Oh, it's Kotone.

She's looking at a piece of paper.

A. Call out to her.

B. Say goodbye and leave.

Heya, Kotone!

I call out to her.

Oh, Fujita…

Kotone looks a bit surprised.

What are you looking at?

Oh, this? It's…an invitation…

Yeah? To what?

An exhibition.

She hands the piece of paper to me.

It has the words "Crystal Russell Art Exhibition" written on it.

…Looks like it's being held inside the station building.

The painting printed on the paper features dolphins and whales swimming in a blue and purple ocean.

It is the kind of style that Kotone would love.

What's this? It's an invitation with two free tickets.

…Alright.

Are you going with someone?

Kotone shakes her head.

So you're going by yourself?

She looks as if she is about to say something, but then looks down instead.

You were in the middle of thinking about that, huh?

Kotone nods this time.

Okay, then let's go together. Right now.

What? Really?

I don't mind. I'm no expert on art, but I'm sure I'll be able to understand at least a little bit.

Oh, okay. Thank you.

And so, we arrive at the station building.

The exhibition is on the seventh floor.

We enter the building and hop into the elevator.

*whirrrrrrrr*

The elevator ascends.

As I chat with Kotone…

*CLUNK*

H-Huh?! A blackout?

I exclaim.

The elevator we were in stops, and the lights go out on the way to the seventh floor.

Are you okay, Kotone?

Y-Yes, I'm fine…

Kotone is fine, as expected.

What's the deal with this building?

You've got people in here!

I complain in my head for a while, but the elevator shows no signs of moving.

…Guess I just gotta deal with it.

I'll find something to talk about until it starts moving again…

It's like what happens in the movies, huh. What would you do if we were stuck here forever?

I joke.

That would be terrible…

Hahaha! Yeah, it sure would be. Maybe escaping through the ceiling would be our best bet?

I suggest to Kotone.

…And climb up the cables, right?

She somewhat awkwardly goes along with me.

It was a pretty average response, but I love it because it came from her.

Uh-huh! Then the elevator would start moving again while we're climbing-that's more trouble for us!

I probably wouldn't survive…

That's not true. The heroine always lives.

By the way, I'm the hero and Kotone's the heroine in this movie.

I'm the heroine?

Kotone mumbles in confusion just as the lights come back on.

Ooh, the power's back.

…The elevator's not moving.

The lights turn back on, but the elevator still isn't moving.

We're actually stuck in here.

Man, who runs this building? Do I gotta tell them how to do everything around here?

I press the "Press and Hold This Button to Contact Building Management" button.

But nothing happens.

Heeeey! We're stuck in here! Someone, let us out!

I wait for a minute, but nobody responds.

It doesn't seem to be connected to anything.

Useless hunk of junk.

The button's supposed to be there for emergencies!

What would people do if there was a fire or earthquake?!

…Maybe they're away from their desk?

Kotone looks somewhat worried.

We aren't in an emergency situation, so we are pretty calm.

Maybe it's broken.

…

Let's try banging on the door. Someone outside might hear us.

I bang on the door with my fist.

*thump, thump, thump*

*thump, thump, thump*

*thump, thump, thump*

…My hand hurts.

Maybe that worked? I'm sure someone will quickly come and rescue us if they heard that.

That'd be the case if we happened to stop at a floor.

It'll be pointless if we are in between floors.

Damn it… We'd be able to contact someone outside if we had a phone on us.

But there's no point in wishing for something we don't have.

I give up on that thought pretty quickly.

It's times like these that call for composure and patience.

Guess we'll just have to wait it out.

Right.

Kotone nods, and we decide to wait for a while.

We came all this way to look at the paintings. Just our luck, huh.

Yes…

Are you a fan of Russell's?

Um, yes.

Because of the dolphins?

I have seen her pieces in magazines and ads, and it seems like they all feature dolphins.

Um, I liked her use of colors at first, but then I grew to love her even more when I found out that she specialized in dolphins.

I thought so. That means both you and Russell love dolphins.

She apparently respects them.

Respects dolphins?

Yes. She says they have supernatural abilities.

Really? Like you?

She also says that the intelligence of dolphins is equivalent to that of supernatural abilities.

We're talking about the same dolphins, right? How are they smarter than humans?

Dolphins are said to be the most advanced animals on Earth. They have advanced only their minds without the need for civilizations.

Huh? What does that mean?

Um, so… All humans see themselves as their top priority.

Even volunteers help others because they enjoy thinking of themselves as reputable people. That's what Russell says.

…Russell doesn't seem like the nicest person.

But what has that got to do with dolphins being smart?

It's true that humans act based on their self interests, but I feel as though you can't completely separate things like familial bonds into simple gains or losses.

I agree.

But Russell looks down on humans in that way and says that dolphins are smarter.

Why?

She believes that dolphins have gone beyond the level of viewing themselves or others as bad, or seeing the good or bad in things. They don't think in that way.

I'm not really following.

You feel good when you do something good, right? But what's viewed as 'good' is only good from a human perspective. It's not necessarily good for the Earth. That's what Russell says.

Really?

I don't think being kind has anything to do with the Earth.

Humans apparently decide on their own standard of 'right and wrong' and become infatuated with it.

…I guess we do harp on about being kind to the Earth and then go and cut down a bunch of trees.

That is definitely one of the selfish aspects of humans.

Russell says that level of thinking is the extent of human comprehension.

I can kinda understand if you put it like that.

She says that dolphins have evolved beyond that. They don't have the concept of selfishness.

So do they prioritize others?

I don't know… Trying to understand how dolphins think is apparently like a monkey trying to understand how humans think.

Geez, she says some pretty nasty things. If dolphins are humans then we're monkeys?

Apparently so.

Russell seems like a bit of a weirdo.

But I still think that Russell is incredible because she's able to paint such beautiful pieces through that respect she has for dolphins.

I guess you're right about that…

Many artists are often different from the average person, right?

Yeah…now that you mention it. Many geniuses and artists are wacky.

Many of them are.

…In that respect, I don't want you to become an artist.

It's fine. I'm not your average person.

There you go again. You're not supposed to say that about yourself.

…Sorry.

We killsome time chatting about random things at the start, but the conversation doesn't last forever.

Before long, we fall silent and sit on the floor.

Kotone is worried about her skirt, but she eventually grows tired and sits down.

How many hours have passed since the elevator stopped?

I look at my watch.

…Gah, it's already past eight o'clock.

…

Kotone looks at me in surprise.

The building won't be completely cleared out over time, will it?

Then the lights will turn off and we'll be left in the dark.

Um… They'll come and check the elevators eventually, right?

Oh, yeah. They usually do inspections.

They would surely notice then.

We'll be let out when they do, right?

She sounds concerned.

Our situation is turning bleak.

We'll be fine.

…But an hour passed, and then another. Still, nobody came.

Dammit! Why isn't anyone coming?!

I kick the door without much thought.

…Um, Fujita?

She suddenly says my name in a feeble voice.

What is it?

…Have you been finding it hard to breathe…for the last while?

Hard to breathe? I don't think-wait, are we running out of oxygen?!

That's…how it feels.

Kotone seems a little pale in the face.

It's not because you're feeling under the weather from a cold or something?

No…

Don't be silly. I'm sure there's some kind of air vent.

I look around the elevator.

…But I can't see anything that resembles a vent.

The door is sealed pretty tight too.

There was obviously air leaking in and out, but is it enough to sustain us?

Not good.

Really bad, actually.

We gotta do something about this, fast.

But what…?

We gotta escape from here!

I make up my mind.

The obvious escape route? Through the ceiling.

I look at the ceiling.

It is pretty high up.

Has to be around two yards from the floor.

I can just barely touch it with my fingertips if I reach up.

It is made up of a number of panels. One with grating and others with lights.

I gotta take these down.

The panels should be removable so that they can change the light bulbs and stuff.

I try jumping up to push one.

*creak*

It has some give, but doesn't move.

Again!

*creak*

Again!

*creak*

One last hit!

*crack*

I did it!

I don't know if I broke what is securing the panel, but I got it to tilt upwards.

I jump up one more time to pull off the almost-broken panel.

Once I open up a hole, the rest should be easy.

I cling onto the rest of the panels and pull them off with my body weight.

…Then I stop.

I look at the ceiling now that I had pulled off all the panels.

There is a steel plate with lights embedded into it.

…This isn't going to work.

It is impossible to remove the steel panel without taking out the screws.

Fujita…

Kotone seems to realize that herself and simply looks up at me.

Damn it! Are we just gonna suffocate now?

Just as I mutter that to myself…

The lights go out.

Not good.

Really, super, not good.

There won't be anyone left in the building!

We'll seriously be stuck in here if everyone leaves.

Out of options, shivers go up my spine.

And then…

Somebody! Please! We're stuck in here!

It is as if a switch had been flipped. Kotone runs to the door and begins to pound on it.

*thump* *thump* *thump*

The sounds are weak and dull.

Completely different from when I hit the door.

Her powerlessness is depressing, filling the dark, cramped elevator with an air of despair.

Are we…going to die?

That thought crosses my mind as I look at the terrified Kotone.

…No.

I don't want to die such a pitiful death!

If I'm gonna die, I want to at least save this girl and make sure she lives…!

Accepting my fate, I don't care what will happen next.

That thought frees me and I feel as though an unbelievable amount of courage wells up inside of me.

Like hell I'm gonna die in here!

Kotone, calm down!

I embrace Kotone.

Fujita…aren't…aren't you scared?!

Her voice trembles.

I'm super scared! But we're doomed if we give up now!

But, but…

Calm down. Let's calm down and think this through! There's gotta be another way!

My breathing starts to become more labored.

Are we running out of oxygen now?!

Damn it… Curse you, Russell.

We came here to see your stupid paintings and ended up in this mess!

Dolphins are smart? Pfft, whatever.

How would those genius dolphins get out of this situation then, huh?

Using their so-called supernatural intelligence to escape?

Supernatural abilities…

Hold up!

We've got supernatural abilities right here!

Kotone! Your powers!

…?

Use your powers to break the door!

…I couldn't wield such power…

You won't know until you try!

I know I am being unreasonable, but we don't have the time to dwell on that.

O-Okay!

Kotone frantically nods before tensing up her body and clenching her teeth.

She is pooling all her focus like she usually does.

That will bring all of the energy in her body into one spot… apparently.

Silence…

All I can hear is my heavy breathing.

The tension and lack of oxygen make me feel like I can't breathe.

My ears begin to ring.

That is the sign that she is about to unleash her powers…

*THUNK*

A sudden shockwave hits the elevator, almost knocking us down.

The elevator dropped a little just now!

What about the door?!

I look and it doesn't seem any different.

Kotone…?

I…I did it! But…

But nothing happened! Or actually, the elevator dropped! Did you damage the cables instead of the door?!

That won't help our situation at all.

Are we doomed?!

That's it…

I…did…it…

Kotone drops her head powerlessly.

Yeah, you did great, Kotone.

I hug Kotone.

We are out of options.

Damn it…

So much for trying to rescue the girl-I end up asking for her help…

I'm so pathetic.

It's hopeless, isn't it?

…I don't wanna admit it, but yeah.

…

I'm sorry, Kotone.

…You shouldn't be… I should be the one apologizing.

No, it's fine.

I hug Kotone tighter.

Fujita…

She utters my name.

Yeah.

There's…one last thing…I want to say to you…

What is it?

…You've been so kind to me all this time, so…

*thump*

*thump*

*thump*

*THUNK*

Are you kids alright?!

How does it feel to breathe in the outside air, Kotone?

…I-It's refreshing.

We leave the station building and take in deep breaths.

It feels amazing.

We hear about what happened after being let out. The story played out like a comedy of errors.

An attendant noticed that the elevator had stopped due to a faulty cable. He tried to contact us, but the intercom was broken and completely useless.

The priority was on fixing the elevator rather than the intercom.

They needed to bring in specialist equipment to get the elevator running again.

The only option was to bring the machine and start repairs after the building closed, but the jammed cable wouldn't return to its position.

While they were scratching their heads over what to do, the cable suddenly started moving without anyone even touching it.

The elevator then stopped at the nearest floor where we were let out. That was it.

It was obviously Kotone's psychic powers that missed their target and got the cable moving.

As for the dwindling oxygen? All in our heads.

We were having a mental crisis after being stuck in a cramped space for so long.

Apparently, it's impossible for oxygen to run out in an elevator.

What really surprises me is how the station building managers handled the situation.

They apparently started work on the elevator on their own without alerting the police.

Some important person from the station building apologizes to us and gives us a voucher for some tens of thousands of yen. We also apologize for destroying the inside of their elevator. That is that.

Now that it's all over, it sounds like a pretty trivial incident.

You saved us, Kotone.

I can't believe it…

We have your powers to thank.

Kotone gives a slight nod.

…Want me to walk you home?

No, I'm okay.

Alright, I'll see you tomorrow.

See you.

I wave at Kotone and then turn away.

Heya, Kotone!

I call out to her and she lifts her head.

Oh, Fujita. Are you on your way home?

Yup! I'll catch you later.

Oh, okay. Bye.

It is lunch time.

Alright, time for some grub.

I stand up.

Gotta rush to buy a sandwich.

Hiroyuki.

Masashi walks over to me.

Hey. Ready to go?

Sorry, I've got a school club meeting during lunch. I'll be eating at the meeting today.

Oh, okay. No worries. Maybe I'll eat by myself at the cafeteria then.

Sorry, Hiroyuki.

Masashi looks guilty as he leaves the classroom.

Now then…

Guess I'll head over to the cafeteria.

I stuff my hands into my pockets and plod out the classroom.

The sight of the cafeteria at lunch time.

It is packed with students.

I buy myself a lunch ticket, put the food I exchanged it for onto my tray, and set off to find an empty seat.

Where should I sit?

Oh! Empty seats located.

I'll go there.

Hm?

And then, I notice something.

Out of sheer coincidence, Aoi and Kotone just happen to be seated near the spot I find.

They don't appear to be eating together, but they are seated facing one another.

Okay, I'll sit next to one of them.

Where should I sit?

A. Next to Kotone.

B. Next to Aoi.

I'll sit next to Kotone.

I sit myself down next to Kotone.

Hey, Kotone.

She flinches and cautiously looks in my direction.

And then, she realizes it is me.

…Hello.

She smiles a little and bows.

After Kotone finishes greeting me…

And hey, Aoi.

I greet Aoi too.

Aoi seems a little unsure.

Oh, Fujita.

She says.

Do you two know each other?

What?

What?

They look at each other.

Judging by their reactions, they are complete strangers.

Well, since we're all here, I'll introduce you two. This is Aoi Matsubara, a freshman from Class C.

I start by introducing Aoi to Kotone.

…Nice to meet you.

Kotone quietly bows her head.

And this is Kotone Himekawa, a freshman from Class B.

Pleased to meet you.

Aoi smiles, but Kotone looks down, not knowing what to do.

Looks like she really doesn't want to interact with others.

But it's okay.

I just know she'll eventually be able to get along with others and not have to worry once her practice yields results.

I rack my brains for a conversation starter and take notice of their lunches.

Aoi has the same as me, an "A Lunch" meal.

Kotone has a bowl of udon.

Is that all you're having, Kotone?

Yes…

That's a pretty plain lunch.

Do you think so?

The udon here is only clear broth served with a piece of fried tofu skin. It'd be better if it was like fried udon or something.

But this is perfect for me…

Oh yeah. Don't wanna be eating really greasy food at lunch, right?

Right…

Just a bowl of udon, huh? It doesn't cost much to fill you up, at least. That's one advantage.

…I guess so.

Kotone seems unsure.

Oh, sorry. I was speaking from my point of view since my lunch money comes out of my allowance.

Really?

So I spend all day and night looking for ways to stretch my money as far as it'll go, you know?

I continue to move my mouth more than my chopsticks, blabbing away.

I barely make a dent in my lunch.

After a while…

Um, I should get going.

Aoi stands up.

What?

Looking over, I notice that she had finished her lunch.

She is pretty fast for a girl.

Oh, crap. I gotta shovel this all down.

I frantically pick up my chopsticks.

Oh, it's okay. Please enjoy your meal.

Aoi picks up her tray and leaves on her own.

Maybe she's got somewhere to be.

I mutter.

Matsubara left so that we could be alone.

Kotone says.

What? Really?

…Probably. I would do the same.

You think so?

I'll sit next to Aoi.

I sit myself down next to Aoi.

Hey, Aoi.

Oh, hello!

She responds with a beaming smile.

After Aoi finishes greeting me…

And hey, Kotone.

I greet Kotone, who is sitting across from me.

She flinches and cautiously looks in my direction.

And then, she realizes it is me.

…Hello.

She gives me a little nod.

Do you two know each other?

What?

What?

They look at each other.

Judging by their reactions, they are complete strangers.

Well, since we're all here, I'll introduce you two. This is Kotone Himekawa, a freshman from Class B.

I started by introducing Kotone to Aoi.

Pleased to meet you.

Aoi smiles, but Kotone looks down, not knowing what to do.

And this is Aoi Matsubara, a freshman from Class C.

…Hello.

Kotone looks up and gives a quiet greeting.

They were both freshmen, but I feel like they are from two different planets.

One of them has short hair and the other long. Also, one of them is more physically active while the other is more artistic.

An energetic girl sitting opposite a quiet young lady.

I rack my brains for a conversation starter and take notice of their lunches.

Aoi has the same as me, an "A Lunch" meal.

Kotone has a bowl of udon.

Oh, I see you've got the same lunch as me, Aoi.

That's right.

Great minds think alike, am I right?

The A Lunch meal was a pork katsu meal with rice and sides.

A cafeteria option that really can't miss.

Ooh, so you pour pork katsu sauce on yours, huh?

Hm? Isn't that the normal way to eat it?

Yeah, that's the normal way. Either that or Worcestershire sauce.

Yes.

But it gets boring eating cafeteria food every day, so the pros out there seek out newer flavor combinations.

I see…

Ketchup, soy sauce, mayonnaise. The more refined ones go for a sprinkle of salt or chili. Some people even pour salad dressing over it.

How fascinating.

I feel like they're taking it a bit too far with the salad dressing and stuff, though.

But you eat it with pork katsu sauce too.

I used to be a soy-sauce guy.

So why the change today?

I guess I've come full circle.

I mutter as I gaze off into the distance.

Right…

I mean, that's the orthodox choice, right? There's gotta be a reason why it's orthodox.

Pork katsu sauce is the orthodox choice?

People will eventually return to pork katsu sauce. Pork katsu sauce is orthodox. The ox of the orthod! Yeah!

I gave a thumbs up, and Aoi responded with a conflicted smile.

I continue to move my mouth more than my chopsticks, blabbing away.

I barely make a dent in my lunch.

After a while…

I'll be going now…

Kotone slowly stands up from her seat.

Looking over, I notice that she has finished her bowl of udon.

Which isn't surprising because it is just a bowl.

Oh, crap. I gotta shovel this all down.

I frantically pick up my chopsticks.

Sorry, I'll see you later…

Kotone picks up her tray and leaves.

Kotone…

Himekawa must have felt awkward sitting with me.

What? I don't think that's the case.

I quickly reject the notion.

It's not like that. She didn't talk because she's just a quiet person.

Really?

Yeah.

I don't offer any further explanations.

Maybe I should've been more considerate towards her.

I should've brought her into the conversation a little better.

Hm?

There is something on my shoe rack.

A white envelope that has been left on top of my indoor shoes.

Is it a letter?

People still did stuff like this?

It is either going to be a love letter or chain letter…

Only one way to find out.

It is definitely addressed to me.

Let's see…

With a bit of excitement, I am about to open the envelope when…

Yuki, hey…

Whoa.

What's the matter? Let's go to the classroom.

Y-Yeah…

What's wrong?

Nothing.

I thrust the letter into my pocket.

Uh-oh, I just hid it without thinking.

Well, it isn't anything worth showing off anyway.

Now then…

Once I am seated, I take out the envelope I had stuffed in my pocket.

Sender's name… They didn't write it.

Opening the envelope, I see that there is only one piece of letter paper inside.

"Dear Mr. Fujita,

I apologize for the unsolicited letter.

If it isn't too much trouble, there's something I would like to speak with you about face-to-face-hence this letter.

I'll be waiting for you in front of the vending machine by the bridge corridor after school today.

I would really appreciate it if you could come."

I-Is this a…

…love letter?!

The writing is strangely polite, but…

The sender didn't write a name.

Although, it seems like a girl's handwriting.

No, wait.

Maybe this is Shiho's handiwork?

What if she wants to create a new rumor because she is almost running out of them…?

I wouldn't put it past her.

But then again, her handwriting isn't so neat.

That would mean…this is the real thing?

Like seriously?

Hmmm…

Well, I'll find out what exactly this is by showing up at the appointed place.

But, if it turns out to be Shiho… I'll teach her a lesson then and there.

School is over.

Right, the letter asked to meet after school. Should I go now?

A. Go.

B. Don't go.

Time to go meet the letter writer then.

Whether it is a prank or not, I'll at least get to kill some time.

I leave the classroom holding out hope that it might be a genuine love letter.

At the bridge corridor after school…

The crowd is starting to thin.

…

It is quiet.

The energetic voices of those in the sports club training on the field makes the silence more stark.

The letter writer isn't here yet.

They are late…

No, the letter said to meet after school but didn't give a time, so technically, they aren't actually late.

I decide to wait a while longer.

Leaning against the vending machine, I spend my time staring at the clouds above the roof.

Finally, a female student shows up.

Is she the one?

Nah, seems like she is just heading to some after school club.

I am overthinking.

It isn't like me to be so unbelievably restless.

This is just a prank after all, isn't it?

I am starting to feel like it was.

If I think about it calmly, it doesn't make sense that a girl would have feelings for me.

There are so many other guys who are a lot kinder, cooler, and more genuine than I am.

Dammit.

This has to be some sort of a set up.

The more I think about it, the more I am convinced Shiho is behind this.

I won't be surprised if she is watching from somewhere right now, laughing at me.

No harm trying to call her bluff then.

Hey! I know you're hiding somewhere and watching! Come out already!

I shout loudly and angrily.

If you're gonna keep dragging this prank out…

I-I'm sorry!

Just then, a girl I've never seen before steps out from the shadows.

Th-That wasn't my intention at all! I kept trying to step out but I just didn't have the courage…

She keeps apologizing desperately.

Who are you?

I ask in confusion.

I-I-I-I…I'm Ri… Ri… Ri…

Ri?

R-Rio Hinayama! From class 1-D!

Rio…Hinayama?

I-I-I'm really sorry for m-m-making you come all the way despite your b-b-busy schedule-

Hey, hey, hey, calm down.

Y-Yes! Calming down now!

Okay… So you were the one who wrote that letter?

Y-Yes! I'm so sorry!

She bows deeply to me.

What the?!

So it isn't a prank by Shiho?

Err… Sorry for shouting at you just now. I mistook you for someone else, err, I mean…

No, no, I should be apologizing!

She seems genuinely sorry.

So… What did you ask me here for?

I try to appear as nonchalant as possible.

Oh, y-y-y-yes!!

The girl shrieks and stands up straighter.

After gulping down a breath, she looks at me with determination in her eyes.

I can't help but hold my breath as well.

I… I…!!

She starts talking with great intensity.

P-Please wait! I-I need my notes…

Your notes?

Then, she starts rummaging through her pockets.

I lost them… Oh! I-It's nothing! So anyway!

She is on the verge of tears.

Mr. Hiroyuki Fujita!

Y-Yes?!

I-I-I like you! P-P-Please go out with me!!

Wha…

I blurt out, reacting like a fool.

This is definitely one of the possible scenarios I had in mind, but I am caught off guard by the straightforward confession.

And then, she says it again.

Pl-Pl-Please go out with me!!

She doubles down by repeating her request.

Um, wait…

This is completely new to me, and I have no idea how to react.

M-M-May I have your reply please?!

It's a bit too sudden, don't you think…?

I-I just need you to say yes or yeah! That's all!

She is clearly panicking.

Th-This isn't about saying yes or not…

Please give me an answer!

H-Hey, I don't think I should be giving an answer so quickly for something like this, you know?

Huh?

I mean, you and I've never met before. I don't know anything about you, right?

Uh…

She looks like she might just cry anytime.

S-So maybe we could get to know each other a little better first…

Uhh…

L-Like by being friends…

I know it sounds insensitive.

And that makes me really embarrassed.

Fr-Friends… I see…

She starts rummaging through her pockets again.

Looking for your notes again? I thought you lost them.

Oh, right… I did… So…

Yeah?

N-N-Never mind! I-I'll take my leave now!

What?

She dashes into the school building before I can stop her.

Hey! Just hold on a minute!

I quickly give chase.

She seems to have misunderstood.

As I run into the building while going after her…

Eep!

I hear a loud sound and someone lets out a pained cry.

Ow…

She has fallen face-first to the ground.

And man, it looks painful.

Err… You okay…?

I stretch a hand out.

Are you hurt?

Huh? N-No…

Rio replies in confusion, not quite grasping the situation yet.

Can you stand up?

Oh, y-yes, I'll be fine!

She stands up as quickly as she can in a fluster.

I-I-I'll be going now!

And then, she starts running awkwardly again, like she is trying to get away from me.

It feels like she is going to trip on something again.

C'mon…

But it would probably be better to not go after her this time.

Voices from the sports club members training outside now echo through the quiet corridor.

I feel restless the whole day.

Needless to mention, it is because I can't stop thinking about the girl called Rio.

I don't know what went wrong, but my words didn't get through to her correctly.

How should I deal with this?

It isn't like I can just talk to someone about it.

I can't believe I am stressing out over this. Am I this socially inept?

I don't get it…

I collapse onto bed with a wry smile.

I shouldn't go.

It has to be a prank.

And even if it is a real love letter, I wouldn't know what to say.

Either way, both scenarios would lead to a lot of trouble.

I put the letter in my bag and leave the classroom.

Hey, wait!

At the station, somebody suddenly calls out to me from behind.

Huh?

I turn around to see a dirty-looking kid.

He is glaring at me.

What do you want?

Not you. The guy next to you!

Next to me?

Who, me?

Masashi points to himself.

The kid nods.

How can I help you?

By letting me beat you!

What?

After saying that, the kid…

Take this!

*fmph*

…suddenly gives Masashi a swift kick.

As for Masashi, he dodges the attack with his well-trained soccer footwork.

Whoa, that was close.

Hey! Don't step away!

Why wouldn't I?

Here's my special move: The Drill Oden Kick!

Oden?

Now dieeeeee!

But Masashi doesn't die.

Because I catch on to the kid's collar before he can unleash his Drill Oden Kick.

Let me go, you idiot!

You're a tough one, eh kid?

Let me go or I'll beat you too!

The kid kicks me in the shin as he says that.

Just a moment. Why are you so mad? What did this guy do to you?

…

I see Masashi in front of the station on my way back.

He looks puzzled, and he is standing in front of an unfamiliar child.

Yo, what're you doing?

Oh, Hiroyuki. You see…

Hey! Calling for backup isn't fair!

Wha? Who's this squirt?

I'm not a squirt!

You're totally a squirt.

You're too big, is all!

And that's why you look like a squirt to me.

Cool it, guys.

Masashi cuts into our conversation.

You know this guy?

No, first time meeting him.

Then what's going on?

I ask.

Well, I seem to have done something to anger him, not that I have any recollection of that.

Masashi says, speaking with a genuinely clueless look on his face.

Hey, kiddo. What did he do to make you so mad?

I meet the kid's eyes and ask.

And then…

He was mean to my big sis, so I'm here to avenge her!

He replies fearlessly.

Avenge her?

He made my sister cry!

He? Made your sister cry?

I don't remember that at all… Maybe you mistook me for someone else?

That's what he says, kiddo.

I'm not  'kiddo'! The name's Ryota!

Fine, Ryota. You probably got the wrong person 'cause this guy's not the bad type.

But sis said…

Then, the kid says a name.

Right, his name is Hiroyuki… Wait, isn't that me?

What?! You're the one?! I did get the wrong person!

Huh?!

You're going down!

W-Wait a minute! I don't remember doing anything like that either. You're mistaken!

Stop bluffing, coward!

Lots of other people are called Hiroyuki!

She said Hiroyuki Fujita!

That's…me.

I'll beat you!

W-Wait, I said, wait! I have no idea what you're talking about!

Urrrgh…

It doesn't seem like this kid is in the mood to listen to me.

O-Okay, how about this then. When I see your sister again, I'll apologize to her.

Will you really?

I will! I promise!

Man to man?

Man to man.

I nod firmly.

If you dare break your promise, I'll beat you for sure next time!

Deal.

I'm watching you, Hiroyuki Fujita!

The brat called Ryota then stomps his way back home.

Who's this sister he keeps talking about?

No idea… I haven't made any girls cry lately.

Then who…?

No clue at all.

Hiroyuki.

Hm?

Someone's looking for you.

Who?

She said her name's Hinayama…

Hinayama?

I stand up suddenly.

H-Hey. What's up?

Mr. Fujita… Do you have a bit of time right now?

Sure.

I would like to talk.

We arrive at the rooftop.

It is empty, which isn't surprising at this time of day.

What does she want to talk about?

Maybe…about what happened the other day?

Just as that thought flashes through my mind…

I-I'm sorry, Mr. Fujita!

Rio suddenly bows down.

Huh? If it's about what happened after school the other day, I should be saying sorry for-

N-No, I mean my younger brother.

What? Oh…on Saturday?

I-I heard that my brother made trouble for you…

Brother?

Could she be referring to that…

That brat…I mean, boy, was your brother?

You must have been so surprised by him, right?

Well, sorta…

Yes, I was surprised, but…

I see.

He was talking about Rio when he mentioned his older sister.

I can finally connect the dots.

He said I made his sister cry, which meant Rio had been crying.

…

I'm really sorry for the trouble he caused. I've already reprimanded him for that.

You did what?

That makes me feel bad for him.

That wasn't necessary. It's not like he was doing anything bad.

Y-Yes, but I had to teach him not to create problems for other people…no matter what the reason was, so…

I didn't feel like it was a problem at all.

R-Really?

Yeah.

Y-You're not angry with my brother?

Not at all.

Oh… Umm… That's a relief…

Rio finally relaxes and smiles.

Ryota's a blessed kid to have a good sister like you.

Y-You think so?

I do.

He is genuinely worried about her.

My brother's a little rough sometimes but he's got a good heart. He takes very good care of his friends and our younger sister.

Yeah, he had that kids' leader vibe to him.

He can be hard to handle sometimes because he's not the most agreeable boy in the world…

What? I thought he was pretty agreeable. He went straight home after I told him I'd apologize to his sister.

Apologize…?

Oh, right. I have to keep my promise to him.

Huh?

Sorry.

I scratch my hair and lower my head a little.

What?

Seems like I made you cry or something.

Oh, no… That's because I…

Anyway, can you give me a chance to explain my side?

…

So you see, I honestly don't know if I like you or not yet, but I also don't think it's impossible to get there, if you know what I mean? It depends on what happens in the future, right?

…

That was what I meant when I said we could be friends first…

…

I'm not good with words…

Nevertheless, Rio nods.

If that's how you feel, I'm okay with that, Mr. Fujita…

She lifts her head.

So let's start by being friends!

Okay.

Thank you.

And you can start by cutting it out with the Mister thing.

Huh?

It throws me off to hear someone of my age group addressing me as Mister, you know?

True…

Right?

Yes… I mean, right! You're absolutely right!

It's easier for me to talk to you like that too.

Haha.

It is quite a lot of progress considering I last saw her almost bursting out in tears.

By the way…

Yes?

Just to let you know…

I turn away and look up at the sky.

That was the first time in my life someone ever confessed to me.

Oh…

So, yeah, haha… It made me happy.

I say with a shy smile.

Just then…

*ding, dong, ding, dong*

Ah, classes are starting.

Crap, we gotta go back.

I give her shoulder a quick pat.

Oh, r-right!

Rio nods awkwardly.

We run down the stairs together.

When I get to the station, I see someone from school sitting on a bench.

She is pouring over textbooks and reference books.

Hmmm…

You'd have to be pretty hardcore to study even at the station.

And then, I realize it is Rio.

Even Rio is studying for the exams, huh?

I decide to…

A. Call out to her.

B. Go straight home.

Hey there. Studying hard?

Huh? Fujita!

Rio snaps up from her textbook.

I get that you're serious about studying, but this is the train station, you know?

I have work later but there's a lot of time in between, so I wanted to do some studying.

Work? Shouldn't you take some time off for the upcoming exams?

I did! I took time off from the flyer distribution job. Only picked up half the usual number of shifts.

You sure you can pass the exams like that?

I've never been very clever, so my results are more or less the same no matter how much I study.

But still though-

How did you do on the exams today?

Me? Average, I'd say.

That's impressive.

Not really…

I mean, like, seriously.

So… There's actually some stuff I'm not sure about and… I-If you don't mind, could you help me with it?

What? Me?

If you're free, of course! I was really hoping to understand at least this section before I go to my next job…

English, huh?

What should I do?

A. You're on.

B. Rain check.

I-I actually have to go to work after this…

In the middle of exams?

It's a job I have to do daily.

I see… I was wondering why you were in such a rush. So, you have work.

Th-That's right!

Rio puts on a shy smile.

I have a lot of time until my next job, so I'm studying.

Wouldn't it be better to take off from work during exam season?

I'm only taking half my usual amount of work!

Half?

Today's schedule was tissue distribution, arcade, flyer distribution, and convenience store staff, but I'm not going for the distribution jobs.

Just a minute… How many jobs do you have? You're going to die of exhaustion at this rate.

Hahaha! I'm a tough cookie, so this is no big deal to me at all!

She laughs heartily.

That doesn't apply to the exams, though?

I've never been very clever, so my results are more or less the same no matter how much I study.

But still though-

By the way, how did you do on today's exams?

Me? Average, I'd say.

That's impressive.

Not really…

I mean, like, seriously.

So… There's actually some stuff I'm not sure about and… I-If you don't mind, could you help me with it?

What? Me?

If you're free, of course! I was really hoping to understand at least this section before I go to my next job…

English, huh?

What should I do?

A. You're on.

B. Rain check.

Fine, but I can't teach you what I don't know, okay?

Thank you!

Her face brightens.

This is the part…

Which part?

Well, this looks like something I can teach.

And thus begins our study session.

You're so smart, Fujita! I have so much respect for you!

Who, me? You've gotta be kidding. I was panicking during today's exam too. How'd you do?

With what?

The exam!

Oh, it was a disaster.

You seem rather nonchalant about it.

Chemistry and I just don't see eye to eye.

I can understand…

Studying serious things like the chemical makeup of matter is like peering into a whole other world… The world of laser beams and space shuttles, to be precise.

Not really, though.

And then I'm told I have to think about chemical reactions and stuff like that… I get so confused I can't even remember the correct formulas to use.

It does seem like something that might not appeal to you…

I hate it…

I think it's not about how clever you are, but how willing you are to calmly and slowly try to understand it one bit at a time. And stop assuming you'll never excel in it.

Hm?

The sparkles in her eyes are brighter than usual.

What?

You're amazing… Yeah. I have even more respect for you now.

Respect…

I'd better bring her back to our English study session before she starts going completely off course.

Thank you so much! I have learned a lot!

Okay?

What did she learn from this?

I think I should be able to score better than usual if we continue studying like this.

Studying like what? How can you improve your grades from just this?

I mean, if you say so. All the best.

I shouldn't rain on her parade.

Yeah, you too!

With that, she dashes off merrily to her next workplace.

I feel like Rio's confidence in me is starting to border on blind faith.

Sorry, gonna have to take a rain check.

Huh? Oh, of course! You have your own test to study for tomorrow.

No, it's not that. I'm just not clever enough to teach someone else.

Not true! I know that you're actually very smart!

Huh? Based on what?

I…I don't have any proof, but…

Anyway, I'm sorry but I can't help with this.

Don't be! I should be saying sorry for putting you on the spot.

Well, good luck with work and exams!

Thanks!

I go straight home after that.

She seems so engrossed that it feels rude to interrupt her.

So, I decide to go straight home.

Oh, Rio's here today too.

Studying as hard as she was yesterday,

I decide to…

A. Call out to her.

B. Leave her alone.

Hey, I see you're at it again today.

Oh! Fujita!

She smiles at me.

Thanks for helping me yesterday!

Yesterday?

Your advice worked really well!

What advice?

To calmly and slowly try to understand things one bit at a time. I tried it out and things went way better than before!

Sure, but maybe think of thanking me only after you see how you do on the exam, how about that?

Hahaha, that's true!

Because what if you scored lower than usual instead?

Can I ask for your help today too?

If it's something I understand well enough to explain.

Thank you! You're a lifesaver!

I really doubt I'll be very helpful at all…

You will! I'm sure of it!

…

She denies it without a second thought.

She's so sure I can help her.

What did I ever do to earn her complete trust?

After all, I know better than anyone how useless I am.

It's a mystery.

The Japanese exam is tomorrow.

Just focus on the classics and kanji characters.

What about modern language?

It depends on your flair for it. What's there to study about something you use every day?

That's not how I see it. I study equally hard for all subjects. I always do!

That sounds inefficient.

Then are your modern Japanese studies going well?

Hehehe.

That doesn't sound like an all-is-well kind of laugh.

I told you I'm not clever.

Well, sometimes we just do better in certain things. The teacher told me modern language is the only thing I score well in.

Wow, that's amazing!

On the other hand, he could just be telling me passive-aggressively to take the classics and kanji more seriously.

On the other-other hand, maybe he's telling you that you've got a flair for it!

Yeah, maybe.

How many other hands are there?

Doesn't the other-other hand mean the original hand?

I always knew you were amazing, Fujita… A flair, huh… I wish I had one too.

A flair's not a thing you can touch. Also, it's not good to be envious about something another person has.

Hm?

Better to just take life on with what you do have.

Oh! Mom said that too. The grass is always greener on the other side, right?

Yup. You have your own strengths, right? So use them to blaze your own trail.

Yeah! It's not right for me to pine over something someone else has just because I'm poor.

Poor?

Oh, I mean… Err… Just because someone has a poor flair for studying doesn't mean they can't end up doing great things, right?

Nicely said.

Maybe there's even someone out there with terrible grades who still made CEO or became an academic!

CEO maybe, but I don't think you can have bad grades and be an academic…

You can't? I'm sure we can find at least one person like that in this whole wide world…

What even is the point of finding someone like that? How's that gonna help you on your exam?

Good point… but what if it's a job that's not related to academic ability?

An academic who doesn't work in academics? What're you on?

Oh, I know! What about an academic in a research lab not related to academics at all!

No such thing.

If we just look around the world…

Don't try.

We banter for a while and time flies by without us being able to get much studying done.

It isn't nice to disturb someone trying so hard to focus on their studies.

I'll let her be for today.

I'm so bored…

I should go eat something.

Nice weather. Kinda hot.

Wait. Is that Rio over there?

What a coincidence.

It seems like she is working for a moving company today.

She is sporting a towel around her neck and rolled-up sleeves, and she is moving energetically with the tough-looking old men surrounding her.

I decide to…

A. Call out to her.

B. Not call out to her.

Rio!

Ah! Fujita!

Working hard today too, huh? You go girl!

I-It's not that big of a deal…

She flushes and reaches out for a large box on the truck.

She looks really cute doing that, but it also looks risky because I'd just flustered her.

So I decide to…

A. Help her.

B. Tell her to be careful.

C. Leave.

I'd just be interfering with her work.

Right. What should I have for lunch today?

After thinking about it for a while, I decide to go with the easy option of a YacDonald's combo meal with dessert.

Lemme help you out.

Huh? You don't have to. It's my job, after all.

I'm not trying to be a busybody but…be careful, okay? You don't wanna be scolded for dropping anything, do you?

Don't you worry! I'm being very careful!

Okay. I'm going to grab some lunch now. See you around.

Yeah. See you!

You got this, Rio!

I sure do!

Haha, what a confident answer.

Now, what should I have for lunch today…?

After thinking about it for a while, I decide to go with the easy option of a YacDonald's combo meal with dessert.

I turn around and see that the box Rio is carrying is swaying dangerously.

I have a bad feeling…

Eek!

The box falls onto the asphalt road as Rio cries out.

There is a case of sorts inside, and you can tell from the dull thud it has been damaged.

Rio suddenly runs towards me.

Fujita! Th-The box! The box just moved!!

The box moved?

There's something inside…!

What?

Who would put a moving thing in a box meant for movers?

I put a hand on Rio's shoulder and stare at the squashed box.

All of a sudden, a gigantic reptile of sorts emerges from inside.

Whoa! That's a huge lizard!

I can't help but shout.

The adult cat-sized lizard has bright green, matte scales.

Is this an…iguana? It's a lot bigger than I imagined.

I-I'm scared of it…

I've never heard of a violent iguana before, but this fellow does look rather annoyed.

So you say, but you have to catch it, don't you?

I leave Rio where she is and slowly creep towards the iguana.

Suddenly, the iguana starts moving as if it spots something.

Oh, crap!

It is faster than I ever thought something of its size could be.

Eeeek! Stay away from me!!

It is Rio the iguana is headed for.

Rio tries to escape but trips and falls as usual.

Why meee?!

The iguana crawls up on Rio's fallen body without a care in the world.

Rio!

H-Help me…

Rio whimpers from beneath the large reptile.

I-I'm going to be eaten…

Don't move, Rio…

As monstrous as this creature looks, it doesn't seem like the sort that will harm someone that isn't doing anything to it.

So I edge closer to it, inch by inch.

Wait…

This fellow is a lot more relaxed now than before.

It simply stays where it is, turning its head curiously from side to side.

What's wrong with it?

G-Get it off me now…

Rio is in tears, shaking like a leaf under the iguana, who is lying with its belly on her back.

Right. Just give me a sec…

I am even more careful now.

Anyway, what is this iguana trying to do?

It keeps wobbling its head around…

I look in the direction it is looking at.

Oh… That's why.

The iguana is staring intensely at a lock of hair on Rio's fringe that is standing upright.

It moves every time Rio does, and that attracts the iguana's attention for some reason.

Just then, the iguana slowly opens its mouth and starts bracing itself.

Uh-oh.

It is going to pounce.

I abandon caution and run as fast as I can to where they are, then pull it off Rio's body.

Yikes, this thing feels gross.

The lizard is thrashing around in my hands.

Pretty strong for a reptile.

I quickly put the iguana into its original box.

Phew… Hey, you okay?

Uhh… That almost scared me to death!

Rio stands up and runs towards me.

The lock of hair in question swaying from left to right the whole time.

This is the reason.

What?

I think the lizard's taken a liking to this part of your bangs.

The iguana continues staring yearningly at Rio's swaying lock of hair from the box.

Uhh… There's nothing wrong with my hair!

The older men from earlier have gathered around after hearing the commotion.

They start quarreling with the client about the iguana.

Looks like things are starting to get complicated…

Yeah…

Rio's voice is still trembling slightly.

I'd better leave before my presence makes the whole thing even more complicated.

Yeah… Umm…

Hm?

Thank you…for saving me…

Oh, don't mention it. As long as you're not hurt.

I'm completely fine.

Then that's that. See you around.

I waved.

Y-Yeah. Thank you!

All the best!

I eat lunch while trying hard to forget about the scaly feel of the iguana just now. Then, I head home.

*ding-dong*

Someone is here.

There's no school today, and it's not even noon yet. What could this person possibly want?

Coming!

Hi, Hiroyuki.

Hey, Masashi. What's up?

I just finished morning training and was bored so I swung by. Got any plans for today?

Nah, not really.

Then wanna come hang out? You said you had your eyes on a CD the other day.

I did.

Unless you've already bought it?

Not yet. I mean, it's supposed to be released in two days.

I saw it on display at the shop in front of the station.

Did they release it early?

That shop does that sometimes.

Yeah… Right. I should go out and get it then.

Cool! I'll head home first and come back later.

And I'll get myself ready in the meantime.

Masashi and I go out to buy the CD. On our way back…

What's that?

Masashi is pointing at something.

I look and see a crowd of people on the other side.

A mouse mascot with an annoying face is dancing away while giving out colorful balloons and flyers to the children.

That costume looks hot.

Yeah, where's the ventilation?

The mouse looks like it is dancing happily, but the person inside has to be sweating buckets uncomfortably.

I pity the guy.

A job is a job. It is what it is.

The tougher the job, the better the pay.

Should we go get a flyer?

I bet it's for something ridiculously dumb.

So I say, but I follow Masashi over nevertheless.

I can't help it. I am curious by nature.

The mascot is surrounded by a gaggle of kids.

It's a mouse, right?

What else could it be?

The mouse meets my eyes.

Hm?

What's wrong?

That mouse just blatantly turned its head away from me.

Did it?

Yeah, it did. I know what I saw. It was trying to avoid me… All right.

I walk up to the mouse.

Excuse me.

?!

Can I have a flyer, please?

…

The mouse stretches out a chonky hand and gives me a flyer along with a red balloon.

Not that I want the balloon, but never look a gift horse in the mouth.

More importantly…

I stare long and hard at the mouth of the mascot that serves as the costume's peephole.

And then…

The mascot averts its gaze again in the same blatant manner.

What's its problem?

I go around to stand in front of it again.

?!

I give it a good, hard stare.

…

I don't have to stare for long until…

The mouse turns around and slowly starts moving away while still surrounded by children.

Weird mouse.

What's the flyer for?

Err… For a toy store called Kids Toy Park. Evidently, it just opened.

Wow, I didn't know about that.

Now you do.

What're you gonna do with that?

He points at the red balloon.

I can't possibly bring it home with me. I'll just give it to some kid.

Masashi finds a random kid for me and hands the balloon over.

Hm?

Then, I happen to see the mouse from just now resting down a back alley.

The mascot head is off and a human head is there in its place.

The costume makes the person look like a sumo wrestler.

Wait a minute…

That strange hairstyle…

I quietly go closer.

Whew…

The girl in the costume sighs heavily.

I knew it. Rio.

Finally relieved of her cramped costume, she takes a few deep breaths.

I can see the sweat glistening on her forehead.

This is bad…

She mumbles under her breath.

She is probably referring to the fact that our eyes had met.

Maybe she feels like this is an embarrassing job to be seen doing?

Well, it definitely isn't the coolest job in the world…

In that moment, Rio inadvertently turns to look in my direction.

Our eyes meet fully.

Wh-What?! Fujita?!

Heeey, nice job out there.

Huh?! How did you… Why…?!

She struggles to get up in her mascot costume.

Just sit down. You're having your break, right?

I sit down next to her as well.

Mascot duty today?

Yes…

That sounds tough. It's hot inside, right?

A little.

No ventilation at all. It's like a sauna in a suit.

Hahaha… Great for losing weight!

What weight do you have to lose?

Huh? You can't tell?!

No way. You look borderline malnourished to me!

Err…

Rio's smile freezes in place for a second.

I-I'm very well-nourished, thank you very much!

Hm?

I'm just surprised that you knew it was me.

Nah, I had no idea actually. I just had a feeling, that's all.

Hahaha… I really didn't want you to see me like this, though…

Why not? I think you look great in that.

What? Are you serious?

Yeah! It suits you!

Your character, that is.

It sucks that you have to work today though. Aren't you doing a bit too much?

…

I know there's something you really want, but you gotta rest too or you won't be able to keep going.

Yeah…

Rio hangs her head and keeps quiet.

Well, I'm probably poking my nose where it doesn't belong.

When I say that…

You know…

Rio speaks up softly with her head still lowered.

I'm sorry. The truth is…

Hm?

It's not that there's something I really want.

Huh?

My mom… She's in the hospital because of an illness, so I'm working in her place. And I have to handle the hospital bills as well…

Oh… I-I see…

Her mother's in hospital because of an illness?

That's why she's working so hard?

Whoa… Talk about difficult family circumstances…

Okay.

So that's why.

Why are you the one working, though? What about your father…?

We…don't have a dad.

Oh… I didn't know…

It's okay.

That sounds really tough.

It is all I can say.

My brother listens to me so it's not as tough as it seems!

Oh, right. You're taking care of Ryota by yourself. That's a lot of things for one person to do.

Haha! I told you it's not that tough. I've been delivering newspapers since I was little!

She gives me a little smile and says…

Not that you're interested in my life story… Sorry…

She mumbles softly.

Her expression right now doesn't suit her.

I really didn't want you to know about how terrible my life was.

Why?

I was worried that you'd come to dislike me because of that…

Why would I?

I snort.

Who would dislike another person because of that? What a silly thing to worry about.

Y-Yeah.

Rio nods bashfully.

But now I get it. That's why you're working so hard…

I let out a long breath and look up at the sky.

Sorry for bringing this up, but I didn't think it was right to lie about it anymore.

I get it.

That's all there is to it. Don't worry about it, okay?

So she said, but in all honesty…

You know…

Hm?

I don't think I can do anything about the money, but…if work ever gets too much to handle, I may be able to jump in and help with that.

Fujita…

Rio smiles meekly.

Seriously, you don't have to do anything for me. Just listening to me like this is good enough!

…

…

You're always giving your all, Rio.

What?

It makes your beads of sweat glow so brightly.

Whaaat?!

Rio's face flushes bright red.

I respect you. Really, I do.

Y-Y-Y-You do?!

Yeah.

I nod, and Rio's face reddens further. She stands up abruptly.

I-I've still got more to give!

Huh? You're done with your break?

Yes, I am!

She nods and puts the mascot mouse head over hers.

Go do what you have to do, mousey!

(No, Fujita, it's not a mouse.)

I can hear her muffled voice coming from within the mascot.

Then what?

(It's an otter.)

Oh… Now I know…

It doesn't look anything like an otter.

What a badly-made mascot costume.

Okay, go do your otter best!

(I will!)

The otter nods and starts walking away.

I feel like I can imagine exactly what her lively expression is under the thickly padded mascot costume.

There you are!

Sorry, sorry! That mouse…I mean, otter just now was actually Hinayama from class D.

What?

Part-time job, she said.

Huh, really.

She's an impressive one.

I should go grab some dinner.

I skipped lunch today because it felt like too much of a pain to bother with.

The way my stomach is growling tells me that instant noodles alone aren't going to be enough to fill up my stomach properly now.

I am seriously hungry.

So, where should I eat?

It has to be somewhere with large servings, at least.

Maybe a restaurant…

I pray that it won't be too crowded, since it is dinnertime on a holiday.

I leave the house intending to walk around town.

When I reach the station, I notice that there are more people than usual around.

Come to think of it, Golden Week started this weekend.

Some of the crowd has to be working people who've taken more days off in between national holidays to string their vacation days together into one big, continuous break.

That isn't something regular high school students can do.

I am kinda envious.

As I am about to step inside the relatively empty restaurant, an unfamiliar woman thrusts a flyer for English conversation classes into my face.

Now here's a hardcore part-timer.

Working hard even on a day like this.

Speaking of part-time jobs, I can't help but think of Rio.

Is she also working at one of her jobs today?

The restaurant is full of families and couples, like I expected.

Not that I am at the age where I feel lonely having dinner alone.

But still…

Rio's face keeps surfacing in my mind.

Not everyone with families has the chance to eat together every day…

A pleasant night breeze is blowing when I step out of the shop.

I decide to go for a little walk.

It isn't like I have anything to do at home.

So, I take the longer way home by going for a stroll along the river.

It is a little too early for it to be chilly, but getting some cool night air seems like a good idea.

This is nice, once in a while.

With that thought on my mind as I walk, I look up and see a girl coming toward me from the other direction. She gasps in surprise.

Fujita! What a coincidence!

Huh? Who are you…wait. Is that you, Rio?

You can't tell?

You look like a completely different person with your hair down… I had no idea for a while.

Ah, right. I'm on my way home from the public bathhouse.

No wonder.

Her hair is indeed still wet.

Wow, who could've guessed you'd look so different with your hair down!

Is it really that different? Hahaha!

She laughs energetically.

Her long hair sways as she does, and I can smell her shampoo.

By the way, what're you doing here?

Huh?

I am so distracted by the smell of the shampoo that I can't respond in time.

Oh, well… Just strolling around?

Did you take it easy today?

Something like that. How about you? Working hard even during the holidays?

I simply blurt out what comes to mind.

Yeah, but not the whole day.

Oh? Taking some time to smell the roses?

Yes…something like that. Hahaha…

She seems happy about it.

Bumping into Rio with her hair down coming back from a public bath in an idyllic place like this is really having an effect on me.

As is her warm smile.

You live nearby?

Yeah, just over there.

Thought so.

Hm?

Just a feeling.

Are you heading back after this, Fujita?

Well, I think I'll walk around for a bit more.

Then shall we walk together partway?

Sounds good.

We start walking side-by-side.

I'm honestly a little surprised that I can walk next to you like this, smiling and laughing together…

Yeah. You couldn't even string two sentences together the first time we met in school.

Hehehe… That's why it feels so strange.

Does it?

It does!

While she is laughing awkwardly, her toiletries fall from her hands and roll all over the ground.

Her bar soap and towel come to a stop at my feet.

Whoops.

I quickly squat down and pick the fallen items up.

Haha, you never change, do you? Here, and hold on to them this time.

I'm so sorry…

Hmm?

Why does this feel like deja vu?

This action of picking something up…

I have a feeling Rio was right next to me at that time too.

No…this isn't deja vu.

When did it happen? Let me think…

What's wrong, Fujita?

Hm?

Rio gives me a puzzled look.

Nah, it's nothi-

I stop short of finishing that sentence.

Have we met before? Like a long time ago?

I ask.

What? You…remember?

So we really did meet before…? Not that I remember it clearly, it's just that…I had a feeling.

…

When was that again?

It was just once…

You may not remember it, but yes, we have met before.

Really? When?

On Christmas Day. Not Christmas Eve, but on the 25th itself. Remember now?

Christmas?

Huh?

I spent last Christmas with my parents.

The party on Christmas Eve was held with the usual crew, and on the 25th…

I watched TV at home, stuffed my face with cake, drank some champagne… What else happened?

You bought cake that day, remember?

Cake? Yes, I did…

I was the one who went to buy the Christmas cake.

I waited until the shop was about to close so that I could grab it at a discount.

Needless to mention, it was so that I could use the change as pocket money, being the cheapskate I was.

How did you know about that?

That day…

That was the day we first met…

Rio quietly starts recalling what happened that night.

That day was the first snowfall of the year.

Even though they would grow tired of the snow eventually, at least on that night, everyone welcomed it.

I was there too, standing under a streetlight at night.

I was holding a sales placard in my baggy Santa Claus costume as I stood behind a pile of cake boxes.

There were so many people around because it was Christmas, and the light snow melted quickly because of them. It didn't even get a chance to pile up on the ground.

Even so, not many people stopped by to take a look at the leftover cakes I was hawking.

My calls for customers disappeared into the noise of the crowd like white breath into the air.

I was shivering from the cold.

I wore layers and gloves but the cold seemed to come from within and would not go away.

I just wanted work to end quickly.

In the cold, I started thinking about what I would do after work.

I would go home to my siblings, and then we would go visit Mom in the hospital together.

After asking if I could take one of the leftover cakes…

It was then, when I was staring at nothing in particular that…

One cake please.

A customer called out to me.

He was about my age and seemed a little gruff and unfriendly.

I was even a little afraid of him.

Y-Yes, Sir! Thank you very much! One cake, right?

I removed my gloves in a rush and reached out to take a cake box from the heap nearby, but…

Ah!

It was unbelievable! I couldn't move my frozen hands properly and ended up toppling the entire cake heap.

I automatically squeezed my eyes shut.

I didn't want to open them ever again.

I didn't want to see the consequences of what I had just done.

Why was I always so clumsy?

And on such an important day, at that…

I felt like crying.

But…

Hey, you…

Hm?

When I next opened my eyes, I saw…

I saw the scary-looking customer desperately trying to stop the heap of boxes from falling over.

A little help here?

Ah! I'm coming!

Thanks to that customer, the cakes were saved.

The only box that fell to the ground was the one that had been at the top.

The customer picked that box up with a pained look on his face.

Then, he peered inside.

It still has its original shape…just barely. Whatever. I'll take this one.

He said all that with a wry smile.

What?! No, pl-please take one of the proper ones instead…

It's fine. I'm just gonna eat it anyway.

But…

Anyway, it's gotta be tough doing sales in this weather. Don't freeze before you sell them all!

He said that, flashed me a smile, and then disappeared into the crowd.

That was me?

Yes…

Rio nods. She was the girl in the Santa costume that night.

When I realized we attended the same school and were in the same grade, I was elated.

Hahaha! I barely remember that happening.

I laugh awkwardly.

From Rio's point of view, I must've looked like a knight in shining armor.

It wasn't that big of a deal at all, you know.

It was! It was to me.

Okay…

This is becoming more and more awkward.

At first, all I wanted to do was say thank you. But before I realized it, my feelings turned into admiration, and then…

Yeah, I know. Still, I'm not the hero you think I am.

I understand. I was just putting you on a pedestal.

Reality was different, right?

Right.

It's been nearly two months since I met Rio.

Needless to mention, she should've seen my true colors by now.

You're not always cool and stylish like in the TV shows… You have your unglamorous moments too.

That's life.

And that's honestly a relief.

What?

I've been trying so hard to do better so that I could match up to you, but now it feels like… Maybe I can just be myself.

You just realized that now? I've been doing that right from the start.

I finally reached this point after meeting you, talking with you, and walking with you like this.

It means our relationship has grown.

I say that with a smile, and Rio's face brightens.

Now I like you even more than the time when I had you on a pedestal, Fujita.

Huh?

Honest-to-goodness. You treated me like a normal person even though you didn't remember me, and…now I understand you better than when we first met.

Things are indeed very different than back when she first confessed to me.

We can talk to each other so casually now.

There's still a lot more to learn about me.

Huh?

You're gonna be seeing even more stuff about me…both good and bad.

I know. That's all part of getting to know each other better, right?

Yeah. That means I have lots more to learn about your derpy side as well.

I joke and laugh.

Y-Yeah, but…I'm okay with that.

Hm?

Since I like you the way you are, I want to be myself as well. I won't try to look cool in front of you or anything.

My, my, when did you become so confident?

Oh, come on! It took all my courage to say that!

Hahaha! Sorry, sorry. But honestly, I'd feel a lot less stressed if you could just be yourself.

As long as you promise not to laugh when I'm making a fool of myself.

What's wrong with laughing at that?

Are you really going to laugh at me?!

You want me to be myself, right?

Well…yes.

She nods and says…

Hey…

She is staring at me.

Yeah?

I told you my true feelings…so I'd like to know how you really feel as well.

She smiles a little self-consciously.

To be honest, I'm somewhat torn.

She says.

About what?

Just being together gives me so much happiness that I sometimes wonder if it's better for us to remain friends.

But…my desire to stay by your side for as long as possible is even stronger than before!

Hahaha… I'm being too greedy.

You really like me, huh?

I've always admired you… I honestly didn't think I'd come to like you even more than before.

Haha…

I chuckle at her words.

So I'm going to have to be mean and ask you to decide.

Me?

If you don't think of me as girlfriend material at all, then I'll give up on that path.

Just like that?

I mean, we'll still stay friends, right? I wouldn't have the courage to ask about this otherwise.

Her tone is cheerful but I can tell she is dead serious.

Wanting to stay by my side even if we didn't have a romantic relationship… That's true love, isn't it?

So, will you tell me how you feel?

Y-Yeah…

I open my mouth and say…

I…

A. Like you too.

B. I'm sorry, but…

I…like you too, Rio.

The words come out haltingly, but I manage to finish the sentence.

Huh…?

Her large eyes are fixed on me.

What did you just-?

I said… I like you too.

Wait… What? You…like me too? Whaaat?

Wh-Why are you so confused? You made me say it out loud!

I…I did! Hahaha…

It is like she never expected me to say yes.

Then, a mischievous smile takes over and she says…

Even though you couldn't even recognize me with my hair down?

Well…

I stretch a hand out to her.

It's true. I didn't recognize you like this.

I hold her freshly washed hair lightly in my hands.

It is still wet, but I can feel each and every strand.

Fujita?

Better dry it properly before you catch a cold. You only rubbed it with a towel, right?

Yeah…

She nods without trying to remove my hand from her hair.

There's no need for a hairdryer. It'll be dry by the time I reach home.

Then she laughs at how her words seem so out-of-place in the current situation.

Hahaha! I'm always saying weird things like that, huh? Even though you're right here beside me…

That's what makes you the person you are, right? Haha!

My laughter comes out mixed with a sigh, making it feel strange.

Fujita…

Yeah?

I've liked you…for the longest time…

I know…

This is kinda embarrassing.

You don't have to keep telling me, you know.

But I want to.

I see.

I want to keep saying it, again and again and again…

Okay, go ahead then. I'll listen to it all.

Yeah…

She looks me in the eyes, then closes her own.

Then, she puckers her little lips slightly.

Hm…

I lower my eyelids as well.

Our lips quietly meet in the gentle darkness.

Hehe…

She giggles.

Hehehe… I'm sorry…

What? That tickles.

My lips tickle.

Mine tickle too…

Oh well…

We both look at each other's lips before breaking out into grins.

It takes me a while to respond properly after her confession, but it feels like this isn't the end goal-just the beginning.

My siblings are waiting, so I have to go now…

Cool. Try not to catch a cold!

Okay.

Or fall down.

Okay!

And then she came back again.

If you don't mind, I'd like to invite you to come over to my house one day.

Your house?

Yeah. My mom's going to be discharged from the hospital soon…

Wow, that's good news.

So I should be able to reduce the shifts I have to take and stay at home more often to clean the place up.

That's nice. I can ask Ryota more about you as well while I'm there.

So you'll come?! Would you like to meet my mom?

Y-Yes.

Awesome! Let's do it then! I'll be waiting for you!

Rio grabs my hand and squeezes it tightly.

The smile on her face is the best one I've ever seen so far.

Then she waves and quickly trots away.

Her slightly dry hair sways gently in the breeze, like the rippling surface of a river.

I'm sorry, but I just can't see you as girlfriend material, Rio.

I lower my gaze and mumble.

Oh…

Rio looks down too.

But, that's okay. It's so fun even being friends with you.

You sure you're okay with that?

Sure I'm sure! I'm not disappointed at all. I mean, look how far we've come!

I wonder if she really feels like that.

In any case, I am glad she took it so well.

I think the way we are right now is just fine. I'm sorry, though, for forcing you to say all that.

She quickly turns around.

I have to go now. See you around!

I watch her walk away with a dull pain in my heart.

I can hear a dog barking.

Urrrgh, all that noise.

What? It's still so early?

I may have woken up a bit too early.

A white morning mist still clung to the world outside.

Maybe I should go back to sleep.

As I am about to clamber back into bed…

Hm?

Did I hear a faint cry for help?

I pull the curtains apart.

Wha?

Gentaro is romping around outside.

Which means…

I knew it.

A newspaper delivery girl in a school uniform is trying desperately to get away from the dog.

What a pain.

I quickly change and go outside.

Hey! When will you ever learn to stop?!

I leap out in front of the excited Gentaro, who is scampering about and shaking his tail happily.

His target is definitely…

Fujita?

Hey, morning.

Morning… What're you doing here?

My house is right there. As the saying goes, the early bird catches the worm, right?

I turn to face Gentaro.

You broke out of your house again. Go home before they find out.

I ruffle the thick and shaggy fur on his head.

It works, because Gentaro leaves with a pleased look on his face after that.

Thank you, Fujita…

Haha, not a bad idea at all to have a boyfriend like me, eh?

What?

Rio flushes bright red at my joke.

Yeah…

Anyway, Gentaro seems to really like you.

Indeed…

She laughs shyly.

I'll be done with my deliveries soon. Shall we go somewhere to rest after that?

Sounds good. I'll go along with you for a bit.

Haha, thank you!

She smiles happily, but when she gets close to a particular, familiar-looking house…

Eeeeek!

She flies right back out with an anguished cry into my arms.

Whoa! Wh-What happened?!

O-Over there…

Hm?

I take a look.

Oh.

It is a giant lizard lumbering across a fenced lawn.

That's the iguana from back then.

And just like back then, the escaped pet lizard keeps staring at the trembling Rio's bangs.

It's still after her?

Don't worry, it can't climb over the fence.

Yeah…

She nods while still hanging on to me.

But I'm still scared…

Yeah…

I gently return her embrace.

I can feel her flustered breathing on my chest.

Fujita…

She holds tighter to me.

You'll be fine.

I tighten my grip on her as well in an effort to reassure her.

No… Fujita…

Hm?

I glance down at Rio's feet. Where a creature with shaggy fur is moving right beneath her skirt.

It is Gentaro.

Hey! You chased us, you little jerk?!

Despite my angry shouting…

Woof!

He barks back happily.

Aaaaahh!

Rio gets spooked and starts running away screaming again.

Noooo! Why meee?!

The large dog dashes past me with great determination as he continues his pursuit of Rio.

He's tenacious to a fault, for a dog.

But this is no time for admiration.

What a pain.

I mumble again and start running as well.

Heeey!

I run like crazy and finally catch up to Gentaro.

Woof! Woof!

He turns to look at me and barks happily.

You little… Take this!

With one last spurt of momentum, I push myself forward at full speed to overtake him and catch up to Rio.

Hold my hand!

I see that she looks miserable and grab her hand a little roughly.

Ah!

The sudden action makes the bag full of newspapers slide down from her shoulder.

Fortunately, it falls right into my arms instead of scattering all over the ground.

Hahaha, sometimes I get lucky too.

I catch the bag.

Let's go.

I tighten my grip on Rio's hand.

Oh…

I start running and pull her along.

Gentaro's barks grow softer and softer.

But I keep on running at full speed.

It feels nice being able to protect Rio like this.

I might even want to keep doing it…

Yes. Everything will start from this point.

And we will keep on running with all our might.

That is what I visualize while running breathlessly… as the morning mist rises and vanishes into… the clear, blue sky.

After buying lunch and returning to the classroom, I notice a scrap of paper on my desk.

What the heck?

"Delinquency Notice: Hiroyuki Fujita

The book you have borrowed from the library is past its due date. Please return it by today or apply for an extension.

Library Committee"

Delinquency Notice?

That's aggressive.

The library committee's asking me to return something but I don't remember borrowing a book.

Maybe it's that book from before? The one we borrowed together?

Huh?

You said the book title looked interesting.

Oh, right… I did borrow something…

That's right.

And I only managed to read the first part, too.

Which means…

I rummage through my desk.

There it is.

You just left it there?

Sure did. In between my textbooks.

It is a pretty thin book.

I just have to return it by today, right? I'll drop by after school or something.

Must be hard work for the library committee to go around passing out these notices.

You're telling me. They should've just taken the book if they were already here to leave the note. How inconsiderate.

Haha…

Now I have to swing by the library before going home.

Upon entering the library, I notice a familiar figure by the window, basking in the rays of the sun.

That unique hairstyle slumped over the table…

It is Rio.

She is sleeping blissfully on the opened books spread all over the long table.

Pretty soundly, at that.

I can hear her even breaths through her slightly parted lips.

She is even drooling.

Well, the sun feels warm and nice today. Anyone would fall asleep reading a book sitting by the window.

She has to do all that work every day too.

What is it she wants so much that she is willing to work so hard for?

Or is it all due to circumstances beyond her control?

Hrm…

Rio starts mumbling something.

Mom…

Is she sleep-talking?

Hehe… Calling for mommy, huh?

Like a little child.

But this little child confessed her feelings with a straight face suddenly.

This is weird.

A breeze passes through the window and tousles her hair.

Hmm…

She reacts slightly to it.

Well, I better stop staring and finish what I came here to do.

As that thought passes through my mind…

Uwaa!

*clatter*

Oh no!

Rio suddenly sits up straight.

This isn't the time to be sleeping so soundly…!

She drowsily starts packing up the books she has spread all over the table.

E-Excuse me, what time is it now?!

Err…

Ah?!

She finally notices me.

Fujita?

H-Hey.

For a brief moment, she pauses and gapes.

And then…

N-No way! Wh-Why are you here?!

She puts a handkerchief to her mouth in a fluster.

D-Did you see me sleeping…?

I sure did…

Oh no… I'm always messing up like this…

I mean, it was more of a glance than a see, if you know what I mean. Don't worry about it.

I was drooling all over… I must've looked so stupid… I'm sorry…

Actually, it's every guy's dream to see a girl being so comfortable before them.

What?

She pauses and gapes again.

And then…

N-Nooo! That's just embarrassing!

No need to be shy!

I-I'm not being shy…

Her voice gets softer and softer.

Hahaha! I'm sorry. Anyway, aren't you in a rush? You were really panicking a while ago.

Oh, y-yes! It's already so late! I have to go!

Working again today?

That's right! Goodbye!

I wave as she runs out.

Or rather, runs straight towards the closed door.

Hey, watch ou-

Ah, here we go again.

You really should start looking ahead of you when you walk.

Yes…

She chokes out that word and stands up.

Sniff… Why am I so clumsy?

More like you've got too much energy to spare. You need to calm down a little.

I open the door for her.

You'd better concentrate while you're at work so you don't get hurt.

Y-Yeah! I will! I'll do my best!

You recover fast! But that's just who you are, huh.

Hehehe… Thanks.

She seems happy.

See you later.

Yeah, see ya.

She runs down the corridor energetically.

I wave goodbye to her retreating form.

Tch, I got a late start today.

My fourth period class goes five minutes over, so I have to make a mad dash to the cafeteria.

However, my favorite pork cutlet sandwich has already been sold out.

Guess I won't be having that today.

Oh, sorry.

I collide into someone while I am looking the other way.

The girl bows her head as well upon hearing my apology.

It's okay! I wasn't looking!

Wait a minute… Rio?

Huh? Oh, it's Fujita!

Sorry about that. I got distracted by my hunger.

I'm sorry too. You're going to have lunch now?

Yep.

I see that Rio is holding a surprisingly large lunch box.

You too?

Yeah. The weather's pretty good today so I was thinking of eating on the rooftop.

Rooftop, you say.

It's been a little windy lately, but that might add to the enjoyment.

So I say…

A. Wanna eat together?

B. Enjoy your meal.

Since we're both here, why don't we eat together?

What? Oh, sure!

She nods vigorously.

The wind is pretty strong.

But the sunlight makes everything pleasant.

The wind's not being nice today. Try not to get blown away, Rio.

That won't happen! I'll be fine!

Rio smiles, and then…

Hm?

"Caw! Caw! Caw!"

"Caw! Caw! Caw!"

A few crows fly by us.

*flap, flap, flap*

Eeeeek!

They start gathering around Rio like a scene straight out of a monster film.

Wh-What the heck? Hey, go away! Shoo!

I manage to chase the crows away somehow.

Waaah… That was terrifying…

Are you hurt? What just happened?

I don't know… I sometimes get attacked by crows like that…

Sometimes?

Yeah.

So this isn't the first time.

Why, though? Have you been bullying the crows?

I-I have not!

Then why are they behaving like this?

No idea…

Hmm…

I've heard about people like that before from TV shows and such, but now there's one right here in the flesh.

Maybe they really like you?

What?

The crows.

They were clearly gathering around Rio and not the food we're holding.

And they're looking at her with curiosity more than anything else.

I'm not sure I want that…

I feel sorry for the crows.

…

Rio looks cautiously at the sky.

I'll chase them away if they come back, so let's finish our food already.

Okay.

We sit down in a spot away from the wind.

*rustle, rustle*

I open the lunch I'd gotten from the student store.

Hm?

Rio is staring intensely at me.

What? Something wrong with my food?

Oh, no. I was just wondering if you ate that every day.

Not every day… My parents haven't been at home lately, so…

I see…

I was a bit late to the cafeteria today, but my lunch is usually a lot more extravagant than this.

Extravagant? Like…steak?

Wha?

Steak?

Oh! Please forget I said that!

What's your lunch like?

My lunch?

Did you make it yourself?

Y-Yes, I guess you could say that…

That's impressive. Lemme see!

Whaaat?

I cajole the reluctant Rio into letting me take a peek at her lunch.

The box itself is a hefty aluminium container that looks ill-suited for someone of Rio's small size.

Inside is…

Oden?

Yes…

Next to the white rice are skewers with slices of fish cakes, konjac, and other ingredients.

You made all these in the morning?

Oh, no. I-I made them last night…

Right, of course.

But it's strange to have oden for lunch, huh?

Who cares? It looks tasty enough. You made it yourself, right?

Yeah.

I usually have sandwiches, so I can't help but wish I could also have homemade food like that.

Really…?

Rio smiles and says…

Then if you don't mind, you can eat everything in this box.

What?

I made it for myself, but it's honestly quite a lot.

She lowers her head slightly.

I know it's nothing much…but if it's all right with you…

She offers her lunch box to me.

I say…

A. It would be my pleasure.

B. Maybe not.

That's nice to do sometimes. Well, I'm gonna head back to my classroom.

Okay. See you!

Careful out there, don't let the wind blow you away!

Haha!

Rio laughs as she makes her way upstairs.

It would be my pleasure.

Please help yourself!

Rio grins and shoves the lunch box into my hands.

This lunch is incredible…

Yeah… I feel awkward with it because it doesn't look girly enough…

She bows her head sheepishly.

Hahaha! I kinda feel like I understand why you're always so energetic now.

Y-You do?

Now let me see what this food tastes like!

I chomp down on some oden.

*munch, munch*

Whoa, this is good! The broth is neither too light nor strong, and the ingredients have completely soaked it up.

Stop it, you sound like a food reviewer!

This is the work of a professional housewife. Is cooking a hobby of yours?

Not…really. It's just that I have to cook every day, so…

Wow, that's impressive.

You think so? Hehehe…

I do! This is great food, after all…

I eat the oden while nodding in approval.

By the way-

I almost forget.

Here.

I hold out my lunch to Rio.

It's a sausage roll and a lettuce sandwich-the fruits of my frantic labor running to the cafeteria today.

Oh, are you sure I can have them?

Food exchange!

Okay…

You don't sound excited. Are sandwiches not your cup of tea?

No, it's not that!

Rio shakes her head vigorously, then says…

Thanks for the food!

Whoever supplies the student store with sandwiches sure knows how to make a good one.

I see…

Rio looks at me shyly and takes a bite off the sausage roll.

Oh… It's good…

Told ya!

It's really good…

She starts eating it happily.

She is like a child who has been given candy.

We stay on the rooftop after finishing our food and chat about nothing in particular until the bell rings.

I'll pass. Taking your food wouldn't be very nice of me.

I hold a hand out to stop her from pushing her lunch box to me.

Huh?

Her face clouds over for a brief moment.

You have work later today, right?

Yeah…

Then you should eat up and get more nutrition for yourself.

But…

It wouldn't be fair to trade your homemade oden for my school store sandwiches.

…

Strength leaves her arms and she puts her lunch down.

However, a second later, her smile returns.

How about exchanging just one item, then?

She proposes.

Sounds good! I have a sausage roll and a lettuce sandwich-the fruits of my frantic labor running to the cafeteria today. Which one do you want?

Let me think…

She is clearly giving it serious thought.

This one!

She takes the lettuce sandwich.

Someone's being healthy.

Hehehe!

I'll take one skewer of oden too!

Here! I feel bad about giving you so little, though, so here's a bonus stick!

You don't have to. That means you'll be eating less.

I still have two more, so it's half of mine for half of yours, right?

That…makes sense.

And that is how I am able to enjoy an unconventional lunch of a sausage roll, a cafe au lait, and some oden.

Once we are done eating, Rio and I relax and talk until it's nearly time for fifth period to start.

Lunch time is upon us.

As I am slowly making my way back to the classroom after buying some sandwiches…

Hmm?

Is that Rio walking by?

Maybe I should say hi…

A. Say hi.

B. Don't say hi.

Heeey! Rio!

I call out to her from behind.

Ah! Fujita!

She looks at the bag I was holding.

Is that your lunch?

Yeah. You going for lunch, too?

No, I've already eaten.

What?

I blurt out.

That was fast. Wait, you ate before lunch period started?

Oh come on! I wouldn't do something like that!

She laughs sheepishly.

I just eat really fast, that's all.

I see.

Well-trained by all my part-time jobs.

Your part-time jobs train you to eat lunch early?

I don't always have the time to eat at leisure during work, so I developed the skill of gulping down my food at warp speed.

That's a very practical skill.

So she'd already finished her lunch while I was on my way to the cafeteria to buy sandwiches.

Amazing, right? Hahaha!

Yes. That's amazing.

Not that I think it is a skill anyone should be boasting about, though.

Huh? What is it?

Nah, just thinking about what a funny girl you are.

Hm?

Just then, I realize I'd forgotten to buy a drink.

Shoot, I forgot! Sorry, I'm going back to buy something to drink.

Oh, I'll go with you!

Rio starts following me.

You often buy drinks from here, don't you?

Sorta. I mean, it's the only place that sells drinks. Plus, the cafe au lait here is… Ah!

I drop my money while I am talking.

The 100 yen coin rolls under the vending machine.

Crap!

It went underneath?

Pretty far underneath, yeah. No way I can get it out… This is the pits.

I'll get it back for you!

What?

Rio crouches down and thrusts her hand all the way into the space between the floor and the bottom of the vending machine.

Whoa, hold on a sec.

Hrrrm… I need something like a long stick…

Hey, that's enough.

Hmm… Is there something like that around here?

She isn't listening to me at all.

I can't bring myself to tell her that her skirt has lifted up so much I can almost see her underwear.

Just then…

There it is!

Rio suddenly shouts.

At the same time…

I hear a dull thud.

Arrrgh…!

Rio's smiling face twists in agony.

She hit her hand on something when she tried to stand up all of a sudden.

Hey, you okay?

Uhh…

Did you injure your hand?

N-No. I'm completely fine.

Look at all that dirt on you… You didn't have to do all that, you know.

Hehehe… I wasn't thinking.

She smiles brightly and innocently.

Anyway, here.

She stretches out a closed hand, then opens it.

It is a 500 yen coin.

Thank goodness we found it!

No, wait…

I was going to tell her I dropped a 100 yen coin…but decided to keep my mouth shut.

Feels like she might go rummaging under the machine again if I tell her.

Thanks. You really saved me.

Hehehehe!

As a token of appreciation, let me buy you a drink.

What?

Which one do you want?

Oh, it's all right! I didn't do it for a treat or anything.

It's the law that the owner of a lost item has to reward the finder with a portion of what was found.

There's no such law…

It's just a drink-no big deal.

That's…true. All right then.

So, what'll you have?

Well…

She stares at the vending machine for a while.

The cafe au lait that you like so much!

Got it.

I press the button.

Here's your cafe au lait.

Thank you!

You're most welcome!

…

Rio is staring happily at the cafe au lait in her hand.

I still need to eat, so I'm gonna head back to the classroom now.

Okay. I have to go to the faculty room too.

Right, sorry for holding you back.

No worries! Bye!

Rio flashes me a bright smile and starts walking down the corridor.

She is a little strange, but a good person nevertheless.

I have 360 yen left.

I'll have to use this money to treat Rio to something else.

Well, whatever.

It isn't like I had to talk to her.

There is no need to stop her from wherever she is rushing to during lunch.

Even as I decide that, Rio is already walking toward the other end of the corridor.

Oh, yeah!

I turn around, realizing I'd forgotten to buy a drink.

As I am walking through the shopping arcade, someone thrusts a tissue packet before me.

It is the same kind they are always giving out in front of the station.

Let me see…’Hair Growth Dynamite Campaign’?!

Nothing to do with me for now.

I am about to put the tissue packet into my pocket when I realize something.

The person giving out the tissues… Wasn't it Rio?

What should I do now?

A. Talk to her.

B. Leave her alone.

Heeey! Rio!

She turns around in surprise.

Ah! Fujita!

It really is Rio.

Part-time job?

Yeah.

And right after school, too. Must be tough.

It is, but I'm almost done here.

Here? As in, you still have other places to go to?

Yes. 

I have to give out flyers later and go to the arcade. Then-

Hang on, how many jobs do you hold?

Just four today. The arcade one is really easy, though. I can even do my other job addressing letters at the same time.

Right…

I am tongue-tied.

I always thought high school students working multiple jobs for money was a TV trope, but here's one right before me in the flesh.

I decide to say…

A. Why work so many jobs?

B. You got this.

C. You're amazing.

Why take up so many jobs? Is there something you want that badly?

Something I want?

Clothing or shoes, maybe?

Huh? Oh… Err…

She is flustered.

Y-Yeah, s-s-something like that…I guess?

Something like that, huh… I mean it's really none of my business, but try not to overdo it, okay?

Hm?

Don't know what it is you want so much but it won't help if you push yourself too hard and get sick, right?

Oh, please don't worry. A healthy body is the only merit I possess!

If you say so… Just try to know your limits, okay?

Her eyes brighten at my words.

I will!

She nods.

She's really energetic.

You got this. See you later.

Yes, thank you!

I wave goodbye and leave.

Well, I'm sure you got this.

Yup!

She smiles brightly.

Haha, you're so energetic.

Yeah! It's the only merit I possess, hahaha!

It's a charming trait to have. Keep doing you.

At that, a slight blush creeps into her cheeks.

I-I will! Thank you!

Her eyes sparkle.

In fact, if you kept this up until graduation, you might just be able to afford a house by then.

Th-That's not possible…

Yeah, maybe not that far, but it's still a good thing to work hard for your money.

I-I agree.

She lowers her eyes briefly, and then…

Right! Time to work hard today! Let me finish giving these out first!

Yeah, you got this. I'll go now before I hold you up any further. See ya.

Yeah! Goodbye!

We wave goodbye to each other and part ways.

You're pretty amazing, doing this every day…

Thanks! But it isn't anything amazing at all. My home…

Your home?

Ack! No! It's nothing!

She waves her hands around in a fluster.

I wonder why she needs to work so hard.

But I don't want to be a busybody, so I decide not to ask.

Whatever it is, it must be tough to work so hard.

I-I guess?

She smiles sheepishly.

It's almost second nature to me. I haven't thought about how easy or hard it is…

Nah, give yourself more credit. I'd have given up a long time ago. You're impressive.

I'm really not…

Rio lowers her head shyly.

Anyway, I'm going home now. I don't wanna hold you back from your job.

I say as I wave goodbye.

Oh, okay. See you!

See you later.

She waves her hands vigorously in response.

Heeey! Rio!

She turns around in surprise.

Ah! Fujita!

It really is Rio.

Working hard at your job, huh?

Yup!

Must be tough, having to do this right after school.

It is, but I'm almost done here.

Right, you're working a few jobs at once. That means you're heading off for your next one after this?

I only have four today. The arcade one is really easy, though. I can even do my other job addressing letters at the same time.

Hmmm…

I grunt.

It is a lot of hard work to earn all that money.

I should say something to her…

A. Why work so many jobs?

B. You got this.

C. You're amazing.

She seems busy, so I decide not to call out to her.

I walk away with the tissue packet in hand.

Hiro?

Huh? Oh, it's just Shiho.

What do you mean, it's just me?

She bears down on me right away.

Wait, I see you're holding on to something interesting.

Without warning, she grabs the tissue packet out of my hand.

The bald man's tissue, just like I thought… Hehe, nothing escapes my sharp eyes.

Do you remember the design of every tissue packet they give out?

I can't believe you took one. You should be more cautious.

If anyone should be more cautious, it's you.

In a different sense, that is.

Don't be like that! I was just showing concern for your hairline!

She looks me down, from head to toe.

You look like the type that starts balding from the forehead.

Mind your own business. Don't you have somewhere better to be? Go on, shoo.

I change the subject.

I do not want to be tomorrow's Shiho Info headline.

Yeah, I'm heading to sing some karaoke.

Again? Don't you have anything better to do?

Man, she's like the polar opposite of Rio.

Wish I could invite you too, but we're already full!

As if I'd go. See you around.

I side-eye Shiho as she grumbles. Then, I go home.

It happens when I am in front of the shoe racks.

*stomp* *stomp* *stomp*

I hear someone stomping down the stairs in a rush.

Hm?

I stop and look up.

*stomp* *stomp* *stomp*

Rio is coming hurtling down to the landing at full speed.

She jumps down the stairs two steps at a time.

As she runs past in front of me…

Huh?!

She notices my presence and hits the emergency brake.

The sudden break in momentum makes her lose her balance.

But she fights hard and manages to stay on her two feet.

Phew! Almost fell again!

Rio, at least walk down the stairs slowly.

Oh, I don't always run like that. Ahaha…

I'm not sure I believe that.

I decide to…

A. Talk to her.

B. Say goodbye.

I decide to talk to her.

I don't know what you're in such a rush about but what if you fell down the stairs?

I mean… I don't usually run like that…

She gives the same excuse again.

You don't usually run like that…? Oh, don't tell me…

A. Trying to catch a show on TV?

B. Rushing to your job?

C. Meeting someone?

You don't usually run like that…? Oh, don't tell me…

A. Rushing to your job?

B. Meeting someone?

She seems busy, after all.

I don't know what you're in a rush about but slow down a little, okay? See ya.

I will! Take care!

She dashes off after saying that, but…

*thump*

She snags her foot and has a great tumble.

What did I just tell you?!

I hold a hand out but she quickly gets back on her feet by herself.

S-Sorry.

Sheesh, you okay?

Y-Yes! It didn't hurt at all!

One day it'll be the one that hurts like mad.

I-I'll be more careful the next time!

After getting up in a hurry, Rio went off in a dash again.

Trying to catch a show on TV?

What? TV? I-I don't usually watch TV…

You don't?

Do you usually rush back home for something like that?

Yeah, when there's a rerun of a TV drama I wanna watch.

I see…

You don't like TV? That's why you seldom watch it?

Not really.. It's just that the TV hinders me from doing my job when it's turned on.

Job?

E-Err… I mean, my job of studying…?

That's true. Even I turn the TV off when I'm trying to study.

Ehehehe.

Hm?

Something about her laugh makes me feel like she is trying to hide something.

Oh, I have to go now! Sorry and see you again!

Y-Yeah.

And then she starts running again.

But in the next moment…

*whump*

Ack!

She turns the corner, bumps into a group of people, and is knocked back.

Hey, you okay?

Those are members of the judo club who were heading to their club.

The club is strict on manners and starts shouting so loudly, the whole floor must hear them.

Sorry about that!!

We're sorry!!

They apologize to Rio as a group.

What is the judo club doing here, though?

Rio stands up and bows shyly in response before running down the corridor again.

…

Hmmm…

Her clumsiness has to be some sort of talent.

A talent for drawing strange forces to herself or something.

I never got to figure out why she was in such a rush, either.

I forgot to ask her the most important part.

Rushing off to work?

Huh?!

I've seen people jumping out of the classroom looking white as a sheet because they were late for work, and you looked just like that.

I-I looked like a sheet?

That was a figure of speech.

Although, she does actually look a little pale.

But I guess not too many people would have work scheduled at this hour on weekdays.

Actually, you were right…

What?

I have work after this…

I guessed correctly?

Hehehe…

And that's why you were rushing?

I-I'm almost late, so…

We shouldn't be talking while standing around then.

We started walking as we continued the conversation.

What sort of work, by the way? Convenience store clerk?

For today, I'm distributing tissue packets. This sort of work usually starts from noon but I begged them to let me start after school instead, so I can't be late.

Right. When you said 'for today', did you mean you have a different job every day?

Yes! I also work at the convenience store and YacDonald's sometimes. Then there's the newspaper delivery, arcade, flyer distribution, and I work as a mover on Sundays…

Hey, hang on. That sort of extreme job-hopping doesn't sound healthy.

I'm not job-hopping.

What?

I'm working all these jobs simultaneously every day!

So you'll be working at a few places today as well?

Yeah! After the tissue job, I'll be working at the arcade. Then I'll go home and write postal addresses…

She starts listing out her various jobs happily while taking her shoes out of the rack.

That's a lot of work for a high school kid…

I'll be fine! I'm not tired at all-

Rio is so engrossed in talking that she smacks her face into the door of the shoe cabinet she has just opened.

I am flabbergasted…

You okay?

I-I'm fine…

That was a really loud smack…

I-I'm just a clumsy person!

Can you actually do your job like that? Feels like you'd be always making mistakes.

Don't worry! I'm super careful during work.

You should be careful every day.

Well, just don't overdo it, okay?

Yeah! Thanks for your concern.

As soon as she says that, Rio takes off, moving at a speed you'd never expect just by looking at her.

You meeting someone?

What?

That's why you were in such a huge rush, right?

I-I-I'm not close enough to any boys to go home together like that…

I didn't say anything about a boy.

Huh? O-Oh, right. You didn't…

Well why were you rushing then?

Oh, I'm actually… Oh no!

She suddenly looks up.

Sorry, maybe next time!

Hey!

She is already running away.

But in the next moment…

Ack!

*thunk*

I hear her shrieking in the distance, followed by a dull thud.

I think she fell again.

She's really dangerously clumsy.

I didn't get to figure out what she was in such a huge rush about.

Your part-time job again?

Y-Yeah!

Sounds tough. Well, you'd better get going. Sorry for stopping you.

Oh, that's okay! I still have a little bit of wiggle room.

What's the job about?

For today, I'm distributing tissue packets. This sort of work usually starts from noon, but they allowed me to start after school because of my circumstances.

Circumstances?

Huh? Oh… Err… Well…

Hm?

Th-The fact that I need to attend school!

Okay…

She is clearly hiding something.

Not that it is any of my business.

Well, go get those tissues distributed then.

Yeah, I'll give them all out!

Such a strange conversation.

S-See you next time then!

As soon as she says that, Rio takes off, moving at a speed you'd never expect just by looking at her.

You meeting someone?

What?

That's why you were in such a huge rush, right?

I-I-I'm not close enough to any boys to go home together like that…

I didn't say anything about a boy.

Huh? O-Oh, right. You didn't…

Well why were you rushing then? Oh, wait! Your job, right?

Yes, that's right. Oh no!

She suddenly looked up.

Sorry, maybe next time!

Hey!

She is already running away.

But in the next moment…

Ack!

*thunk*

I hear her shrieking in the distance, followed by a dull thud.

I think she fell again.

She's really dangerously clumsy.

How is she going to do her job properly like that?

Somebody bursts out from the stairwell like a missile.

It is Rio.

She is in a bigger rush than usual and isn't even looking at her surroundings.

I…

A. Stopped her.

B. Watched her.

Heeey! Rio!

*stomp* *stomp* *stomp*

But she keeps running without even looking aside.

…

Dammit… I should be able to catch up with her at the gate!

I go after her.

H-Hey, Rio. Busy today too? *huff, huff*

Fujita! What's wrong?

Rio stares at me, puzzled as I pant away.

N-Nothing…

She is faster than I thought.

S-So anyway… You're rushing to make it to work on time too today?

Y-Yeah. Homeroom always runs late in my class.

Oh, right. You're in class D.

The teacher in charge of class D is dreadfully long-winded.

Always giving out advice on life, how to study at home, and small stuff like that.

It makes everyone feel like they are back in elementary school.

Not that this teacher is terrible or anything. If anything, he is one of the better ones.

Your homeroom always ends late, huh?

Yes…

Look at it this way… That's how much the teacher's concerned about every one of you.

Yes, I agree. But I really do wish it could be a little shorter.

Haha, of course! Then you wouldn't have to make a mad dash after school every day.

I'm good at running fast, though!

I can see that.

I mumble with a smile.

Okay, I have to go now.

Yeah, sorry for stopping you.

See you!

She starts to break into a run while still looking in my direction.

And then, she slams into the power pole right in front of her and falls loudly to the ground.

Urgh…

Whoa, you okay?

Y-Yeah… It's no big deal.

You sure about that? You tripped right after saying you were good at running. Here, take my hand.

I stretch a hand out and help her to her feet.

Hehehe…

She giggles.

It is a happy giggle, too.

Her body must be made of steel or something.

W-Well, goodbye for real this time!

Just be more careful, okay?

I will!

However, despite what she said, she dashes away at an incredible speed along the sloping road.

I wouldn't call that being careful…

Heeey! Rio!

*stomp* *stomp* *stomp*

But she keeps running without even looking aside.

…

Dammit… I should be able to catch up with her at the gate!

I go after her.

H-Hey, Rio. Busy today too? *huff, huff*

Fujita! What's wrong?

Rio stares at me, puzzled as I pant away.

N-Nothing…

She is faster than I thought.

More urgent stuff to handle today?

Yeah… I always go to work after school ends.

What? You work?

Y-Yeah.

That's surprising. You didn't like the sort.

So I look like the sort who's always playing?

No, that's not what I meant. I didn't peg you as the type who'd work for pocket money, that's all.

It's not for pocket money.

Were you rushing to work the other day too?

Hehehe… Actually, yes.

So that's what it was about. It was bothering me for a while. Oh, sorry!

Huh?

You're in a rush right? Sorry for stopping you.

Don't worry about that. I run very quickly.

Right…

I'll be off now!

Yeah, all the best.

Thanks and see you!

She starts to break into a run while still looking in my direction.

*thunk*

Her foot gets caught in the gate's groove, and she falls heavily onto the side of the road.

There are a lot of bicycles going down this road after school. That is really dangerous.

Urgh…

I run over quickly.

Hey, you okay?

Y-Yeah… I'm completely fine!

You sure? That looked painful. Here, take my hand.

I stretch a hand out and help her to her feet.

Hehehe…

…

It seems like she is feeling more embarrassed than hurt.

W-Well, goodbye for real this time!

Just be more careful, okay?

Sure.

However, despite what she said, she dashes away at an incredible speed along the sloping road.

I wouldn't call that being careful…

She is in a huge rush.

It would be rude of me to stop her.

I remain silent and watch her leave.

*stomp* *stomp* *stomp*

Rio runs right past me.

Hinayama! I told you not to run down the stairs!

I can hear a teacher's angry voice from above, but Rio keeps running down the corridor as if she doesn't hear anything.

I guess I should head home too.

Ah! Fujita!

Rio comes running up to me in a flurry of quick little steps.

Hey, Rio. Going to work?

Yeah. I have the early shift at the arcade today, then flyer distribution, then convenience store cashier at night.

You never take a day off, huh? You're gonna die from overwork.

I won't coz I'm super healthy!

Right… Where are you storing all that power in that body of yours?

Haha, stop it! You're embarrassing me, staring at me like that.

She really doesn't seem tired at all.

Are you going home?

Yeah.

I nod.

A. Walk home with her partway.

B. Bid her farewell.

Wanna walk together partway?

Can we?! Of course!

She isn't even trying to hide her delight and that makes me self-conscious.

The sky's starting to look pretty dark…

That's bad. I didn't bring an umbrella with me today.

Neither did I. The weatherman said it'd be sunny.

Maybe we should hurry before it starts to pour?

Okay.

We start running.

But it started raining anyway.

We take shelter at the bus stop.

From the way it's pouring, I'd say it should be clearing up soon enough.

You're right.

Bad luck for you, though. You have to go to work, right?

Yeah…but I'm used to having such things happen to me.

Why?

You just got dragged in unknowingly today, that's all.

What do you mean?

I mean, I'm sure you only got caught in this heavy storm because we were together.

So you're the cause of this storm?

I joke awkwardly.

Yup.

Rio nods without hesitation.

What, you've got rain summoning powers or something?

Worse. I'm the reincarnation of Marie Antoinette.

Excuse me?

A friend read my fortune in middle school and came to that conclusion.

Marie Antoinette, as in that queen who was executed by guillotine?

Rio nods.

That's who you were in your past life?

Yes.

Okay… That would be pretty epic if it were true, but what's it got to do with the rain?

Apparently, I was living in shameless luxury during that past life.

I mean, she was a queen, right?

I'm always so unlucky because it's retribution for all the sins I committed back then…or so my friend said.

You? Unlucky?

Yeah. I'm always falling down, getting chased by dogs, getting rained on suddenly…

Such meaningless retribution.

Being unlucky because of a past life sounds a little far-fetched, though.

My friend's fortune-telling has never failed!

Rio is the picture of seriousness.

So I say…

A. It depends on how you view it, right?

B. Marie Antoinette, huh…

C. Did the guillotine hurt?

Well, I'll see you later, workaholic student.

Okay, see you later!

Yeah.

I wave and leave.

It depends on how you view it, right? Believing it blindly like that is why you treat every little thing as bad luck.

Y-Yeah.

And no matter who you were in your past life, right now, you're Rio.

While I am saying all that, a car is coming towards us from the opposite direction.

There is a large water puddle in front of us.

Water puddle meets car.

I know what will come next.

Watch out!

Huh?

I grab Rio's arm and pull her forcefully.

My prediction is right.

The car passes by next to where Rio has been standing and splashes muddy water all over the sidewalk.

Had I pulled her away a second later, Rio would be completely drenched now.

That was close. I totally saw that coming, and I think I'm starting to see the pattern of your misfortunes.

*sniffle*

Wh-What is it? What's wrong?

I…I just flew into the wall…

Oops… Sorry…

I must've used too much strength.

I pulled you as hard as I could without thinking. That was my bad. Sorry.

Marie Antoinette, huh…

I honestly want to roll my eyes.

It is so ridiculous.

But girls do tend to believe in such stories.

And as a story, it is actually a pretty interesting one.

The bad things that happen to me every day are payback for what I did back then.

Hang on a sec. So if Cleopatra or Empress Dowager Cixi ever came back, they'd be living a life of misfortune as well?

I don't know about them…

I personally think it's illogical for someone to suffer now for what happened in a past life.

You…may be right…

Rio nods slightly.

*splash*

Uwaa!

A passing car drives through a water puddle, and Rio is drenched in an instant.

Eeergh…

Uh-oh, what a state you've gotten yourself into, Marie Antoinette…

She is a complete mess.

Atchoo!

Whoa, you okay? Sorry, I'm not the type to carry handkerchiefs around…

Oh, don't worry about it. I-I have my own handke-

She rummages through her pockets.

But…

Huh?

Can't find it?

Err… Well…

She checks her bag.

However…

I-I may have dropped it somewhere…

She mumbles while looking like she is about to cry.

Even Queen Marie Antoinette forgets her handkerchief sometimes, huh?

…

I take out the tissue packet I received in front of the station and use the tissues to clean her face and uniform.

Th-Thank you…

A slight blush creeps into her cheeks.

Sheepishly, she says…

Did the guillotine hurt?

I ask her curiously.

What?

You can't mention Marie Antoinette without also mentioning the guillotine, right? If you were her in a past life, then I wanna know how it felt!

I'm sorry but I didn't inherit her memories…

Oh, that's too bad. But being executed by a guillotine's gotta hurt, right?

Well, it'd be over in an instant, so maybe not…?

You'd still feel the blade on your skin for that brief moment, wouldn't you?

…

Yeah, you'd lose consciousness fast, but not right away. I wonder if you could see your separated body?

…

Only someone who's been killed by a guillotine would know the answer to that, but it's not like they'd be alive to tell us.

…

Oh, crap!

What am I doing, getting all hyped up about the guillotine?

After all, Rio said she is Mary Antoinette, someone who was executed by that guillotine.

S-Sorry! I really put my foot in my mouth, huh?

No, no, it's fine! I was just telling a story about a friend I had in middle school as well, that's all!

Rio chuckles.

But the mood has turned awkward.

Well, I have to go now.

What? It's still pouring, though.

Yeah…

Rio looks sheepish.

But I'm going to be late for work if I just keep standing here…

Oh, right. Well, see you around, then.

Yeah. See you around!

And then she dashes out into the rain.

As soon as she does…

*screech*

The sound of sudden braking fills the air.

It takes me by surprise.

I look and see a stopped car just an inch away from colliding into the running Rio.

Whoa, that was close…

She stops in the middle of the sidewalk and keeps bowing her head in apology to the driver.

Oh boy…

Bad luck, huh…

The whole thing about Marie Antoinette aside, there is no denying she is an unlucky one.

Maybe she should go for a purification ritual or something.

Wait…does believing in that put me on the same level as someone who comes up with past-life Marie Antoinette stories?

I must've done many terrible things in my past life…

I don't think so… Anyway, the rain's gotten lighter. Now'd be the best time to make a run for it.

Okay!

Try not to trip and fall.

I-I won't!

Good. Ready…go!

We put our bags over our heads and start running down the wet pavement.

Woof!

Hm?

Something throws itself at my feet.

Is that you, Gentaro?

Woof!

Gentaro is a large, friendly dog kept by someone in the neighborhood.

He's usually only friendly to girls, though…

You're in a good mood today, coming so close to a guy like me.

I ruffle his head roughly.

Gentaro leans closer as well and gives me a few big licks on the face.

Whoa! That's gross, you little jerk.

*pant, pant, pant, pant*

*glurp, glurp*

Hahaha, oh, stop licking me!

*pant, pant, pant, pant*

*glurp, glurp*

Hey, you're getting my uniform dirty.

*pant, pant, pant, pant*

*glurp, glurp*

I said, you're making me dirty!

Just as I am about to blow up…

H-Hey!

Hm?

G-Get away from Fujita!

It is Rio. She has a stern look on her face, but her body is trembling.

In her hand is a stick she had grabbed from somewhere.

G-Get lost!

Huh? What's the matter…

I can't finish.

Woof!

Gentaro barks happily and runs over to Rio instead.

Eep!

Up until that point, Rio had been putting on the bravest front, but she clearly starts to get cold feet at his excited response.

Woof! Woof!

Gentaro is unusually happy about the whole thing.

Like the pervert dog he is…

The dog is always trying to get under girls' skirts.

Pervert dog is the nickname he'd gained for himself around the neighborhood.

G-Get away from meee!

She screams and swings the stick around frantically.

But the more flustered she gets, the more it tickles Gentaro and makes him chase her around.

What a strange game of girl-and-dog.

R-Run while you still can, Fujita!

Huh?

She seems to have gotten the wrong idea about the whole thing…

Anyway, I decide to…

A. Hold Gentaro back.

B. Tell her he doesn't bite.

C. Run as requested.

Leave her alone!

I grab Gentaro's collar and push him to the ground.

Down! Stay still!

Fujita?! I can handle myself! You need to run! Now!

From this guy?

I say while patting Gentaro's head.

Huh?

Rio slowly creeps closer.

Woof!

Gentaro gets up again and leaps towards her.

Aaah!

*thump*

Rio is so surprised she falls to the ground.

Hey!

I pull Gentaro back and hold a hand out to Rio, who is sitting on the ground after her fall.

You okay?

Y-Yeah.

No need to be so afraid. He's big but he doesn't bite or anything.

You know him, Fujita?

Yeah, kinda. Right, Gentaro?

I move my face closer to Gentaro.

*pant, pant, pant, pant*

Gentaro wags his tail happily.

See? Such a good boy, right?

Woof!

Ouch! Stop yapping in my ear!

I lightly pet him on the head again.

Y-Yeah, but he's always trying to bite my skirt, so…

Yours too? This dog is beyond saving.

Woof!

His face is blissfully ignorant.

What was I expecting?

Gentaro, look. You're making Rio afraid. Go play somewhere else, okay?

I smack him on his rump.

Woof!

And so he leaves without a fight.

By the way, Rio, why did you ask me to run away just now?

W-Well, I thought you were afraid of dogs…

Who, me?

I just assumed you were being bullied by him, so…

So you jumped to my rescue, huh? Psssh…

I was the one being rescued in the end… Hehehe, that was so uncool!

It's got nothing to do with being cool or not…

Hahaha, I'm so sorry.

If you really want to help me, do it when I'm being attacked by a dinosaur or something. I know you've got the guts.

Oh…come on! Now you're just making fun of me!

Hey, watch out! Maybe put the stick aside first.

Oh, right.

She tosses the stick away with a reddened face.

Where did you find that, anyway?

I-I don't know, I wasn't thinking…

Isn't this a cherry blossom tree branch?

What?

At that moment…

M-My cherry blossom tree! My cherry blossom tree branch!

?!

Crap!

The voice is coming from nearby, so we decide to flee the scene before trouble comes visiting.

This cherry blossom tree is something the old man cherished very much.

His late wife Masako's last words were, "Please think of this cherry blossom tree as me."

His immense love for this tree started from that moment.

To him, the cherry blossom tree was Masako herself.

That is the story about this cherry blossom tree…

Rio, this dog isn't going to bite you.

I call lightly to her.

However…

What?

She turns around for a brief moment and…

Woof!

Eeeeep!

Gentaro is hot on her heels, so they both run somewhere else.

Man, is she gonna be okay?

I go after them out of concern but they are both so fast that I lose sight of them.

Gentaro really likes her, huh…

I feel a little sorry for her, but there isn't anything else I can do to help, so I go home.

I don't know why, but she really wants me to run away.

Hurry up!

Y-Yeah… Bye then…

I leave the scene hesitantly.

As I do, I hear Rio's voice from behind, saying…

We'll meet again somewhere, someday, if we both survive this…

Her eyes are sparkling as she says that.

For now, I decide to double back a bit.

Rio is so difficult to read.

It is like she lives in her own world and at her own pace.

That part of her is pretty interesting, though.

Meow.

Hey, a kitty.

It is running like its life depends on it.

A kid was chasing after it.

Stop! Tamasaburo!

Hm?

Isn't that the brat, as in, Rio's younger brother Ryota, from the other day?

A. Call him.

B. Leave him alone.

Hey, brat!

Oh! Hiroyuki Fujita!

There's no need to shout my full name every time you see me, you know.

Hey!

He's as energetic as ever.

Why're you chasing a cat around?

The cat must have realized it was safe, because it already vanished without a trace.

Tamasaburo? He's always stealing fish, so I thought I ought to teach him a lesson.

Such a righteous kid. You're always trying to teach someone or something a lesson, huh?

Yeah!

Don't be arrogant! By the way, I kept my promise and apologized to your sister already.

…

The expression on his face suddenly turns serious.

Come to think of it, Rio mentioned she chewed him out about that, didn't she?

Hey, Hiroyuki.

Hm?

Rio was happy.

She…was?

She seems to be enjoying her life now. Is it because you apologized to her?

M-Maybe?

He sure knows how to say something that'll catch me off guard.

Rio said she likes you. Do you like her too?

Wh-What?

Don't ask me about stuff like that!

He's giving me a really intense look…

I…

A. I do like her.

B. I don't hate her.

C. I don't wanna talk about it.

I'm not doing this.

I'm not comfortable with him.

Fortunately, he's too busy chasing the cat around to notice me.

I quickly left the place.

Yeah, I like her.

I answer in a calm manner, like the mature upperclassman I want to portray myself as.

Then, the kid grins and says…

I see. You're a good guy, Hiroyuki Fujita.

Good guy, huh? You're really such a-

I have a name. It's Ryota.

I know that. It's just that I'm so much older than you. Shouldn't I get a bit of respect? And stop using my full name to refer to me.

As I say all that, I squat down to put myself on eye level with Ryota.

My name is Ryota.

I know that. It's just that I'm so much older than you. Shouldn't I get a bit of respect? Don't be so rude.

As I say all that, I squat down to put myself on eye level with Ryota.

Do you like your big sis, Ryota?

I love her! She's kind hearted and beautiful.

That's obviously favoritism. I know you're siblings, but try to be a bit modest.

I say, joking as I poke him in the forehead.

Now you've done it! Take this!

Ow, ow! Stop it, hey!

And this! And this!

Hey now!

I counter by ruffling his hair.

He staggers as his disproportionately large head sways from side to side.

Hahahaha! You're funny, Hiroyuki Fujita.

Having said that, he hugs my leg and clings on to it.

You're like a funny big brother!

Um, Okay?

I give you permission to become my big brother, Hiroyuki Fujita!

What?! Don't be silly, that's not something to joke about!

I blush despite myself and bonk him on the head.

Ouch! If you don't wanna be my big brother, you can be my underling.

That's a big demotion.

Just then…

Ryota?!

Hm?

What do you think you're doing?!

Rio!

Oh! If it isn't Rio.

We both speak up at the same time.

Fujita, did Ryota do something to you again?

Hm? No. Not really.

We were playing!

That we were.

Rio tilts her head to the side in confusion.

You heading to work, Rio?

Yeah, but then I saw you and Ryota standing here while I was passing by…

We were playing!

What he said.

She looks confused that the brat seems to have taken a liking to me.

Wait, Ryota! Where's Hiyoko?

Standing by at HQ!

Standing by… So you were chasing Tamasaburo around again? You can't leave Hiyoko alone like that!

Hiyoko?

My little sister.

Haha! So you're a big brother? That's not good, leaving your little sister all alone like that!

I didn't leave her alone. I-I was just about to head home!

Ryota! It's not safe to run like that! Hey!

I can't help but laugh.

F-Fujita? Is something wrong…?

Nah, I was just thinking…the usually flaky Rio can be a strong and assertive big sister when she wants to.

Oh, come on!

And he was so obedient too.

Just to confirm, did he really do nothing? Did he say anything strange?

I told you, we were playing. Have some faith in your little bro, why don't you.

Y-Yeah.

He's a good brat, that one.

Hahaha, you're so strange. Can a brat be good?

I guess you have a point. But he's nothing to worry about, at least.

Yes…you're right. Anyway, let me know if he does anything. I'll discipline him.

I will. Man, you're such a strict sister.

Well, I have to go now.

Okay. Don't trip and fall!

I won't!

And then, she dashes away.

Her small but strong retreating form puts a smile on my face.

Well, I don't hate her or anything.

…

He stares at me with a frown on his face.

If you don't hate her, it means you like her, right?

Hmmm…

I suppose a kid this young wouldn't understand nuance.

More like the stage just before that? If there's a scale between like and dislike, it's a notch above the middle point…I think?

…

I don't know…

How am I gonna make this make sense to him?

You're not making any sense. Figure it out already!

Ngh…

All of a sudden, the brat snaps at me.

I will… Eventually.

Hey, Hiroyuki Fujita.

I told you to cut it out with my full name.

If you ever bully Rio again, I'll make you regret it for sure!

Yeah, you said something like that before. Don't worry, I won't ever do that again.

Ryota grins and says…

Hey, you!

My name's not 'you' either.

If you ever bully Rio again, I'll make you regret it for sure!

Yeah, you said something like that before. Don't worry, I won't ever do that again.

Ryota grins and says…

You promised!

He runs off after that.

Talk about a gallant little brother.

But he reminds me that I eventually have to decide how I feel about Rio.

I ruminate over the matter as I go home.

Sorry, but I'm not in the habit of talking to kids about such stuff.

I squat down in front of Ryota.

You'll get it one day when you're big enough.

Ryota stares at me quietly for a while.

Fine.

He nods.

But don't you dare bully Rio again!

I get it. Don't worry, I won't ever do that again.

Ryota grins and says…

You promised!

He runs off after that.

He's pretty manly for a kid…

I ruminate over the matter as I go home.

I tap my toes against the ground as I leave school.

They're at it again today.

The giant mouse…scratch that, otter is just about to finish up passing out flyers for the day.

Rio was the mascot the other day. Is she the mascot today too?

I decide to…

A. Go take a look.

B. Go straight home.

Let's see…

I observe the mascot from behind the horde of children surrounding it.

There it is.

Even after finishing handing out the flyers, the mascot continues dancing around for the children.

As impressive as always. Is that really Rio inside?

Surely the actual professional is doing it today instead of Rio the part-timer?

While I am still wondering about that, the mascot turns to face me.

!

Suddenly, that enormous belly-and the otter it belongs to-charges at me with all its might.

Whoa!

I am too shocked to react. And then the mascot falls right in front of me and lays there spread-eagle.

The children love it.

Yup, I know who this is.

Just in case, though…

Rio, right?

The otter nods from its position on the ground.

(It's me!)

I think I hear it say.

Hey, job well done! But you're actually just taking a break, right?

I was surprised to see you here again, Fujita.

I was surprised to see you running at me like that.

Hehehe.

And the most surprising thing is how you're already working right after school's out.

Yeah, I ran like mad.

Ran like mad, you say.

Yup! After changing into gym clothes at school!

Hahaha. You're so used to this.

But this job ends today, and I have to start looking for a new one now.

You've got it tough, huh?

The only thing I can say is…

A. I'm sure you'll find a good one.

B. Try to rest sometimes.

Whatever. I should just go home.

I decide to go home without bothering the mouse.

As I turn around, I see a balloon floating in front of me.

Gotcha.

I grab the string and pull it back without thinking.

A boy, who looks like he owns the stray balloon, is staring at me.

Here you go. And don't let go this time!

As I hand the balloon over, he smiles and disappears into the crowd.

I go straight home after that.

I'm sure you'll find a good one.

You think so?

Nobody would say no to a super hard worker like you, Rio.

Hahaha! I hope you're right!

She is always full of smiles even while working at the toughest jobs.

Okay, I have to take my job search seriously now.

Haha, not TOO seriously, though.

I know my limits!

She nods energetically.

Her infectious positivity and enthusiasm feels reassuring even to me.

Oh, I have to get back to work soon.

Right, you were taking a break. Good luck. See you around.

Yeah. See you!

She waves goodbye vigorously as I make my way home.

Why not take it as an opportunity to rest a while?

Huh?

You've been working non-stop, right? Maybe you can use your free time to do something fun or laze around at home.

…Do something fun?

Yeah. You could hang out with someone if you feel bored alone.

Err…

She seems troubled.

Although, I suppose what I said was a bit insensitive after all.

Asking someone who'd just lost a job to go do something fun…

You may be right…

Rio mutters under her breath.

Otherwise it seems like work is the only thing on my mind, huh?

Yeah…and that's not really a good thing, in my opinion.

Then I add a little shyly…

Not that I'm trying to tell you what to do or anything, of course…

I know. Thank you.

She nods slightly.

I do need to spend quality time with my siblings once in a while too, so I think going out to have fun is out of the question for now.

You've got a lot on your plate even without work, huh?

I'm thinking of going to visit mom with my siblings this Sunday.

Right, you said she was in the hospital.

Yeah. And we haven't visited her for a while…

Rio hangs her head after saying that.

Well, I think that's a good idea. It'll make the whole family happy.

Yeah!

You really go the distance to take good care of your younger siblings, huh?

Hahaha, you think so?

I mean, have you seen how attached your brother is to you?

Well, I used to play a lot with them in the past-like wrestling and stuff.

I knew it. Haha, I can't believe you wrestled with your siblings.

Oh? Umm…

Rio says, her cheeks turning red.

I guess that does sound pretty silly… Ehehehe…

As we talk, a few people behind Rio start moving.

I think we're restarting work now. I gotta go!

Okay. Do your best.

I will! L-Let's go out and do something together one day too, okay?

Sure, leave it to me. See you around.

Okay!

Rio puts the large otter head back on and starts waddling away comically.

After watching her go, I head home.

Morning comes.

I am still sleepy.

It feels like Earth has been rotating faster than usual lately.

Just a feeling.

Breakfast?

Already eaten.

What did you have?

Toast and coffee.

I yawn.

That's good.

…

Yeesh, she asks me about breakfast every single day.

Fujita!

Just then, a cheerful voice calls out to me from behind.

Akari and I turn around.

Hey, Rio. Not even mornings can lower your energy, huh?

You look sleepy.

I am.

Were you burning the midnight oil?

No, but morning's been getting tougher for me lately. My body just doesn't want to get up. Not that you'd ever understand that.

I get up whether I like it or not since I have to deliver newspapers every morning.

Yikes, you're doing stuff like that too? I tip my hat in utter respect.

I-It's not that impressive. Anyone could do it.

Nah, not me. Not unless people are okay with getting their papers in the afternoon.

Hahaha, that would make things much easier!

Rio then turns to look at Akari.

Good morning, Kamigishi!

Morning, err…

Akari tilts her head to the side, trying to remember Rio's name.

This is actually the first time they are meeting, isn't it?

Akari, this is Rio Hinayama from class D. She's a tough cookie who does odd jobs from morning till night.

Morning till night?

She's amazing! You just heard her talk about her newspaper delivery job. She also does flyer distribution, works as a game arcade clerk, and other stuff-virtually every day too.

That's truly amazing…

Told you.

I-I'm not that amazing. I don't have any special qualifications or anything.

You should learn from her and get a part-time job or two. I mean, it's not like you're in any after school clubs, so you should be free. It's a good way to learn about life, right?

Then why don't you get a job?

Men are expected to eventually go work in an office anyway…

Women are too, you know.

But that might change when they get married, right?

Those types are a rare breed these days.

Rare doesn't mean non-existent. Especially you. You seem like the type to go straight into full-time housework.

You're trying to say I'm the marrying type?

Nope. I'm saying you're the type who'd rather take things easy.

Taking care of a household at a young age isn't as easy as you think it is, you know. Right, Hinayama?

Huh? Y-Yeah…

Rio gives a tentative yes to Akari's sudden question.

Housewives only have to watch soap operas, enter sweepstakes, bathe, and sleep, right?

Oh, I had no idea that's the kind of wife you were looking for!

Why you…

She has a witty rebuttal for everything I say.

Anyway, we were talking about looking for jobs, not housewives!

Just then…

S-Sorry to interrupt, but I have cleaning duty today so I need to be at the classroom early. B-Bye!

Rio says, running off with a look of discomfort on her face.

What's gotten into her all of a sudden?

Ah…

She is probably trying to be considerate of Akari's and my feelings.

Probably.

I decided to…

A. Go after Rio.

B. Keep walking with Akari.

Sorry, Akari, I gotta go.

Akari must have understood what I am trying to say, because she gives me a little nod.

I quickly chase after Rio.

Fujita?

Why'd you run away so suddenly?

I-I have cleaning duty…

Seemed more like you were trying to be mindful of us.

What?

You wanted to give Akari and me some space, right?

Actually…yes. You seemed really close and clearly enjoyed each other's company, and I didn't want to intrude.

Looks like I've made her think I'm some sort of insensitive dullard.

It's not what you think.

But you are close to Kamigishi, aren't you?

I mean, we've known each other for a long time.

Y-You're not dating…?

Of course not. She's just a childhood friend.

And…

Lots of people make the same mistake.

I add with a smile.

I-I see…

Rio sounds somewhat happy as she mumbles that.

Did that clear up the misunderstanding?

M-Misunderstanding? I wasn't…

She stops short.

I do feel a little relieved.

But I still have to go for cleaning duty, so bye!

Oh, she really does have cleaning duty huh?

Yeah, see ya.

Thankfully, I manage to clear the air with her.

What's gotten into her all of a sudden?

She was probably trying to give us space or something.

Us? Why?

It's happened plenty of times before. It'd be too much of a drag to explain it now.

You sure you don't wanna clear the air with her?

I'm sure. I'm used to this happening.

If Rio hasn't changed her mind since her confession, she would still have feelings for me.

Someone like that would naturally be very curious about my relationship with Akari.

It will be easy enough to clear up the misunderstanding by going after her and explaining that Akari is just a childhood friend.

But…

Just a childhood friend, huh?

Akari.

Yeah?

Are we childhood friends?

Huh? Yes, but why do you ask?

Just childhood friends?

Just…?

She lowers her eyes and thinks for a while.

What do you mean?

I can see she has mixed feelings.

I'm saying there's no need to go out of the way to run after her to explain.

…

I am okay with however Akari chooses to interpret that.

Oh boy… What am I even saying?

My sleepiness has been completely blown away.

I don't have anything I absolutely need to do today, so maybe I'll get ahead on some studying for a change.

Even just skimming through the textbook should be fine.

I am getting hungry, so I decide to go grab some grub and do some shopping along the way.

Oh, Hiro!

Hey Shiho. Out and about again, huh?

Something like that.

You're just gallivanting. Stop trying to make it sound important.

Hmph! This is why I don't get along with commoners…

Who do you think you are?

Now, listen. I am not gallivanting. I'm doing research on how commoners live.

Research my left toe. That's gallivanting-at least it is to you.

Hmph. Twisted logic.

Shut up. Your logic is twisted.

Oh, behind you…

Shiho points behind me all of a sudden.

Huh?

*thud*

Ow…

I wasn't paying attention and end up bumping into a passerby

Oh my! You're such a clumsy one.

Shut up! You could've warned me about that if you saw it!

I stand up and turn around to face the person I'd collided into.

I'm very sorry. Are you okay?

Y-Yes…

Huh? Rio?

Ah…

Rio stands up quickly while still in shock.

Hm, you know this girl?

Shiho asks curiously.

Well, kinda…

Of all the people to find me like this, it has to be Rio…

I have to change the subject.

Off to work as usual? Gotta be tough.

Y-Yeah. Umm…

Hm?

She pauses without finishing her sentence and keeps looking between Shiho and me.

Y-You must be Nagaoka…?

Oh my?

You know Shiho?

Now you have to acknowledge just how well-known I am.

I mean, you've always been conspicuous, and you never stop advertising yourself.

Excuse me, but you are being very rude.

Um…

Yes? And you are…?

I'm Hinayama.

How may I help you, Hinayama?

How do you know Fujita?

Urgh.

How do I know him?

Upon hearing that, Shiho whistles a little and tugs at my sleeve.

You rascal! Where did you scoop this girl up from?

D-Don't be stupid!

She is already sinking her fangs in.

Rio really needs to work on picking the right person to be honest with…

Though I suppose that might be asking for too much.

It's not what you think!

You're not fooling anyone. She's being so serious. You must've done something to her.

Shiho really loves talking about stuff like this…

Her eyes are practically sparkling.

Oh, um… Fujita and I… we're not really, um…

Not really what? Just so you know, Hiro and I-

Hey, stop your nonsense!

Both of them then turn to look at me instantly.

Ugh… Shiho and I are…

A. Just friends.

B. Practically going out.

We're just friends. We've known each other since middle school, that's all.

I-I see…

Hmm… 'Just' friends, you say?

Why that strange expression? Aren't we friends?

We are, but…

Hm?

Her voice suddenly takes on a meaningful tone.

Hiro already has a girl-next-door who especially looks out for him, right?

Hey, stop saying stupid things…

Are you referring to Kamigishi?

What?

Rio knows about Akari?

Shiho grabs my arm forcefully again.

What's your problem?

Looks like she's already investigated you thoroughly. Akari isn't quite as well-known as me, you know.

So? What're you trying to say?

A block of wood has more sense than you, Hiro. What's your brain even made of?

Something much better than whatever yours is made of, I'll bet.

You need lessons on how to talk nicely to others!

After pouting for a brief second, she turns to face Rio with a somber expression.

I don't know how far your info network reaches, but I'll give you credit for sniffing out Hiro and Akari's relationship. Only a top-class journalist could've done that.

Enough. You're not making any sense at all.

You can't shut me up! I might've found someone who could become my rival!

This isn't some competition.

Rival…

See? You're upsetting Rio.

Sorry… I-I don't have a computer, so I'm not familiar with in… inner…internet slang and culture like that…

Shiho grabs my arm once more.

Grah! Can you stop being so annoying?!

I knew it. She's no ordinary girl.

Well, you're right about that-in a sense, anyway.

You heard her too! When I mentioned network, she immediately linked it to the internet. It's just as I thought.

That was just a coincidence. You heard how badly she tripped over the word internet.

That was the real coincidence, you fool.

How's that a coincidence? Anyway, stop bringing Akari up. You're just going to complicate matters more.

That doesn't matter anymore.

What do you mean?

That girl is starting to interest me.

Shiho turns to face the baffled Rio once more.

I-Is there something wrong…?

Hinayama, it is nice to make your acquaintance. Shall we walk together for a while? You're free, right?

I just mentioned Rio has work! Stop dragging her into your business. You don't have to agree to anything this girl says, Rio.

I don't mind. We can walk if it's just part of the way.

So she says.

Because you were being so forceful!

As we walk together, Shiho interrogates Rio about her sources and how she got information about Akari and me.

But Rio has no idea what Shiho was trying to ask and the conversation goes nowhere, annoying Shiho even more.

I have to go now!

Already?

My workplace is nearby. Goodbye, and see you around, Fujita!

Rio smiles and walks away.

I get it now…

Shiho nods smugly.

Her informant is at her workplace.

Is she still talking about this?

I thought you were totally set on the internet theory just now… Anyway, Rio doesn't seem like the gossipy type no matter how you look at it.

Technology idiots like you just don't get it.

Ugh, like you're one to talk.

But it's puzzling…

What is?

What does a clever girl like her see you in?

Don't just go off on a tangent like that by yourself.

She isn't entirely wrong, but it feels like she has concocted a whole fantasy in her head that isn't fully truthful.

I'm gonna just leave you behind.

Hah! I thought we were 'just friends,' and here you are abandoning me. Lonely guys who suddenly get some attention are so quick to get puffed up.

Yeah, you're on your own.

Huh, what…? Wait. Wait, I said!!

I guess someone looking in from the outside might think we're going out.

Oh…okay…

Rio's shoulders slump visibly.

Like just going out somewhere together, though. Definitely nothing like in a romantic way-

Oh, I… I'm sorry for asking such a strange question!

She is clearly trying to put on a brave front.

I have work so…goodbye!

She dashes off.

Hey…

Hmm? You don't pull any punches, huh?

What do you mean?

Saying something like that in response to that sort of question… You're braver than I thought.

If you're gonna stand around talking nonsense all day long, I'm going on ahead first.

Yes, Sir. I'll walk with you for a bit. After all, we're practically going out, right?

She purs in a creepy tone and slinks closer to me.

Just so we're clear, you're not allowed to use that in your articles and whatnot.

Why not? Would it bother you in any way?

It would bother me in MANY ways.

Now you're making it hard for me to feel good about publicizing this.

I'm saying you shouldn't!

Okay, I'll feel bad about publicizing it then.

And I'm leaving you behind.

Oh, wait for me<rep rep_sweat>

I walk alongside Shiho, chatting about nothing in particular like always, and I recall how Rio seemed a little down today.

When I am passing by the usual park…

Waaaah…

I see a little girl crying in front of a tree.

I don't want to get involved in any trouble so I am going to ignore her, but it bugs me somehow, so I end up approaching her anyway.

Hey, what's wrong?

I ask as I put a hand on her head.

Waaaah… Waaaah…

I can't understand you if you keep crying.

Waaaah… T-Tasuke…

Help?

Tasuke…

Help who and for what?

Cat…

Cat? Help a cat? What's going on?

Just then, I hear a meow coming from above.

Looking up, I see a tiny little black and white kitten perched on a tree branch about 10 feet above ground.

It probably climbed up and can't climb back down.

Help… Tasuke…

Help Tasuke? Oh, is that the cat's name?

Finally understanding, I nod to myself.

Is that your cat?

*sniffle* *hiccup*

The girl rubs her eyes and nods.

Mister, please help Tasuke…

The girl says while tugging on the hem of my uniform.

Wha? Oh, mn…

I smile and reply non-committally.

Then I look up at the cat in the tree again.

Honestly, this is dangerous.

This is bad…

I can't simply jump up to the branch at that height, and even if I try to climb up, there are no branches I can hold on to along the way.

This would be much easier with a ladder, but ladders don't grow on trees.

I don't see any way to do this.

But man, that cat sure is an idiot.

Don't climb up stuff you can't come down from.

I mumble as I try to climb up the tree myself, but it is impossible without any branches to hold on to.

Sigh… This isn't going to work.

I'm sorry, but this is above my pay gra-

I say as I turn around to come face-to-face with the girl's anxious face.

Waaaah…

Drats…

What if I shake the tree to make the cat drop down so I can catch it?

That might work.

*fmpht, fmpht*

*fmpht, fmpht*

*fmpht, fmpht*

I have the right idea, but unfortunately, my kicks have no effect on the tree at all.

*huff, huff*

This is bad…

Now what…?

As I am wondering what else I can do…

Hey.

An unfamiliar girl licking an ice-cream approaches and calls out to me.

She is wearing a Terajo Girls Academy uniform.

And she is a beauty to boot.

Do you need help?

Wha?

You can't do this by yourself, right?

Well…

Could you hold this for me, little girl?

The Terajo student passes her ice-cream to the girl.

Okay, you be my stepping stone.

She says as she points at me.

Stepping stone? Me?

Who else? Unless you want me to be your stepping stone.

Well, yeah I suppose so…

I bite back my retort about not taking sudden orders from strangers when I realize this is indeed the fastest way to save the cat.

So, I decide to comply without complaining.

I grab hold of the tree trunk in a semi-kneeling position.

Will this do?

Perfect. Stay still.

The Terajo student takes off her shoes, steps on my thighs, then back, then shoulders.

She is either very athletic or very light. I can barely feel her feet on me.

Once she is on my shoulders, she stretches a hand out.

Her toenails dig into my shoulders.

Urgh…

This hurts a little.

Hey… Can you reach him?

I glance upwards and inadvertently catch sight of everything that is under her skirt.

White.

Bring me up some more.

O-Okay…

I slowly straighten myself as told.

Like this?

Hmm… Just a bit more.

She just barely manages to catch hold of the cat.

She takes the struggling cat into her arms.

Okay, we're done. Squat down.

O-Okay…

I slowly crouch down while looking up.

Once I am fully crouched, she hops off and lands on the ground lightly.

Well done.

Phew…

Tasuke!!

Here you go.

The little girl exchanges the ice-cream in her hand for the cat in the female student's hand.

Good thing he isn't hurt, hm?

The Terajo student says as she licks her melting ice-cream with a smile.

Thank you, lady!

You're welcome.

The girl is no longer crying. She hugs her kitten and runs off happily.

Huh? I don't get any thanks?

Hahaha! All that work and you didn't even get a thank you, huh?

The girl laughs.

Well, since I feel bad for you, I'll give you a little reward. Here.

She holds out the ice-cream in her hand to me.

Sorry? You want to reward me with your leftover food?

I grumble but accept the ice-cream anyway.

You already had a free look, so make do with the ice cream.

Free look?

Up my skirt.

Urgh…

She knows.

She seems like the ditzy type, but is surprisingly astute.

That ice-cream's seriously to die for, though. Everyone in my school's crazy about that shop these days. Just try it. Bye!

The girl waves and leaves.

What a strange one…

I lick the melting ice-cream.

*slurp*

Wow.

It is, indeed, seriously to die for.

Wait…did we just share an indirect kiss?

Yikes…I had an indirect kiss with a girl I don't know who just happened to be passing by?

That's crazy.

Well, whatever.

She was pretty.

I am lucky, honestly.

That day, I swing by the shopping arcade on my way back home.

There…

I catch sight of someone familiar-looking.

Isn't that Kurusugawa's butler?

What is he doing here?

The butler walks past me while looking around.

He doesn't seem to have noticed me at all.

It feel like he is looking for someone.

Maybe Kurusugawa?

Which means she is likely somewhere nearby.

Let's see if I can find her…

I start trying to spot her.

*thud*

Ouch!

A person runs straight at me and collides with my shoulder.

*thud*

Ow!

A muscular man in black bumps my shoulder.

Oh, please excuse me.

He apologizes nonchalantly and walks right past me.

His clothing looks rather formal.

Is somebody holding a ball nearby or something?

Wearing a suit while packing all those muscles makes him look quite intimidating.

That is what I am thinking about as I continue walking.

*thud*

Ouch!

This time, I am shoulder-checked by someone running straight toward me.

I'm sorry!

Hey, watch where you're going… Huh?

Ah?!

We are both surprised to see each other.

She has long hair, upturned eyes, and she is wearing a Terajo Academy uniform.

It has to be her.

You're that ice cream girl from before.

And you're the guy who peeped up my skirt in the park.

Please don't remember me that way.

What a coincidence seeing you here. Hey, this is perfect!

The girl claps.

Can you join me for a while?

She blurts out.

What?

Any place we can spend 20 to 30 minutes will do. Come on, let's go!

She leaves me no room to interject and starts pulling me along by the arm.

Hey, wait! This is too sudden!

I'll explain more later. For now, we gotta hurry!

Leave me out of this!

As I am trying to shake her off…

Oh shoot!

The girl sees something in the crowd and quickly hides behind me.

Wha?

I look at the crowd as well, wondering what she saw.

…

It is the butler I'd bumped into just now.

He is still wandering around the area?

Wha?

I look at the crowd, wondering what she saw.

…

It is the muscular man I bumped into just now.

He is still in the area?

I can tell he is still looking for someone by the way he turns his head from side to side while walking.

The more I observe him, the more his black suit seems to stand out from the crowd.

He is someone whose path I do not want to cross.

But wait a minute…

I suddenly realize something.

That man is looking for someone.

And there is a shifty person hiding behind me suspiciously.

Could the person that man is looking for be…

Hey, you.

She whispers fiercely to me.

Sorry, but can we walk like this until the next corner?

What?

I'm gonna get into some real hot soup if I get found by a certain someone now.

That man in black?

Doesn't matter who it is. Just move already. Quickly!

She says while tugging at my clothes.

Who do you think you are, anyway?

I look up and sigh heavily, then I comply with her request and start moving.

Will this do?

Yup. Thanks!

The girl peers around the corner and checks behind her.

I think we shook him off.

She beams.

I was not expecting to get roped into helping with an escape out of nowhere.

Hehehe, but I'm grateful for your help.

So we're accomplices now.

Don't make it sound like I'm a criminal.

Aren't you?

Of course not. I'll have you know that I'm a victim.

Really? The fact that you're trying to escape means you've done something wrong, doesn't it?

That's not always the case. Maybe I'm a heroine escaping from the bad guys?

I don't see no heroine here.

You're looking at her!

Then the man in black was a bad guy?

Yes, or rather, the underling of a bad guy. The true mastermind is someone else.

Like a mob boss or something?

I chuckle as I joke.

Close, but no cigar. More like the ruler of a massive corporation that controls Japan's economy from the shadows.

That's ridiculous…

Anyway, he'll find us before long if we stay put here. Since you've already helped me once, why not go the whole nine yards and accompany me for a bit more?

Whaaat?

Let's find a relaxing place and hang out there for a while.

Why me?

Why not? I feel like this has to be some sort of fate. Come on!

She pulls my hand.

A. Whatever you say.

B. Sorry, but I'm busy.

You're kinda bossy, anyone ever told you that?

Only all the time.

Whatever you say…

I resign myself and decide to accompany the strange girl for a while.

Feels like I'm forcing you to join me against your will. I'm sorry about that.

You ARE forcing me.

I sulk.

Hehe.

She bends one knee and hugs it to her chest, flashing me a mischievous grin.

That man just now was Kurusugawa's butler like I had guessed, right?

Which means this person is probably related to the Kurusugawas.

Come to think of it, her mannerisms do remind me of Kurusugawa a little.

Nah, more like a lot.

I'm sure he'll give up and leave once we've spent enough time here.

She giggles.

…

What is it? Why're you staring at me?

Not that I care, but you're giving me a free show.

Of?

Whatever's under your skirt.

What? But you can't see anything, right?

Well, I almost can.

If you're gonna wear a mini-skirt, you gotta know how to wear it in a way that doesn't show anything.

Is that how it works?

Huh? You wanna see?

Sure, show me.

You saw everything the other day, didn't you?

But that was another day.

When I say that, the girl bursts out laughing.

Hahahaha! You're so weird!

Weird? I'm being very normal here.

That's not normal at all!

She laughs and tilts her head to the side.

No way. I'm just being normal.

By the way, it's strange how we ended up meeting like this. We shouldn't have any connection at all.

You're right on that.

Perhaps it was God's arrangement. Which means it was destiny that we met.

What?

I reply in a mocking tone.

Wait.

Now where have I heard a line like that before…

What's your name?

Me? I'm Hiroyuki Fujita.

Hiroyuki, then. Are you in high school? Which grade?

Grade 10.

Hey, same here.

Hm? You're in grade 10 too?

Yup.

I thought you were older.

I thought that of you too.

Oh? So we both look older than we are?

Mature is the word you're looking for.

She smiles wryly.

What about your name?

Ayaka.

Ayaka?

Yes. Ayaka Kurusugawa.

Kurusugawa?! I knew it.

Knew what?

I was just guessing. That man in the black suit just now was the Kurusugawas' butler, right?

What? How did you know that?

There's a Kurusugawa in my school and that man comes to pick her up.

That sounds like my sister.

Sister? Are you…?

I'm Serika's younger sister.

Now it makes sense why you two are so alike.

Wha?! Kurusugawa?!

Yup. Surely you've heard of that name before?

Y-Yeah… I mean…

Like on TV or in some advert, right?

There's that too, but I know someone with that name too. That's what I was surprised about.

Who's that?

A senior one year older than me. Her name's Serika Kurusugawa.

Serika?

Yeah.

Haha! That's my older sis!

What?! You're her younger sister?

Yep, I am.

Oh… Well, that explains why you two seem so similar…

I'm surprised you know Serika.

I'm surprised too. Small world and all, huh?

Totally.

You may be on to something with that fated meeting thing after all.

Maybe we'll eventually end up as future rivals!

Or future soul mates?

…

…

We both take a deep breath and then burst out laughing at the same time.

Hahaha! That sounds like a riot!

Pretty good prologue to a fateful meeting, if I do say so myself.

Hehehe.

Ayaka's eyes light up as she giggles.

She is already beautiful to begin with, and I find my heart skipping a beat at that sight.

She draws in a breath and says…

Hey.

Yeah?

Are you close to my sis?

She looks at me searchingly.

Yeah, you could say that.

How close?

How close? We've only just met. We're casual conversation partners, I guess?

What do you think of her?

What do you mean?

Like her? Hate her?

What?

She is a straightforward one.

Well…

A. I like her.

B. I dunno.

Sorry, but I'm busy.

I slowly remove her hand.

What? You have plans?

Kinda.

I nod.

I have plans to go home and lounge in front of the TV.

Oh, I guess that's fine then.

She quickly drops the matter, and my arm, even though she had been so forceful before.

Meeting again like this had to be a sign so I thought we could get to know each other better. No matter. Maybe another day.

She waves.

Bye bye!

Then, she walks away.

…

Strange one, indeed.

Oh well. Time to head home.

Oh…

As I start walking, I realize something.

I should've at least asked for her name.

I guess I like her?

I say frankly.

Which part?

Well… Many parts?

For example?

Hmm… She's pretty, genuine, cute, and hanging out with her just makes you feel happy, you know?

Hmmm…

I don't really know what to say, but I guess that's something like how I feel. Hah! What am I even saying?

I scratch my head in embarrassment.

…

Ayaka smiles gently and keeps staring at me.

I really have no idea.

I give a neutral answer.

As I said, we've only known each other for a short time. That's about how close we are.

Oh, I see…

But I don't hate her or anything.

She behaves weirdly sometimes, doesn't she?

Yeah… But that's what makes her unique, right?

So? You really think my sister and I are alike?

You really are. In terms of outer appearances, that is.

Oh? So we're different inside?

Completely.

Which part? Why are we different?

Everything? It's like you two are polar opposites.

Nah, no way! We are sisters after all. I'm sure we're more similar than not.

I'm not sure about that…

I am! We have similar thinking and preferences. But we do have differences since we were brought up in different environments.

Different environments?

I lived with my parents in New York until halfway through elementary school, whereas Serika was brought up by our grandfather and has never left Japan.

New York? That's amazing. So you're a returnee, huh?

I returned like six years ago, though. Although I do tend to think more American than Japanese because of that.

I kinda see that.

She is definitely unconventional.

Kinda like Lemmy, so I understand what she means.

So if Kurusugawa had been brought up overseas, she would've behaved more like you?

Well… I think that would depend more on her education than her environment, you know?

Education?

I'm sure you know how terrible Serika is with interpersonal relationships. That's the result of grandfather's education

and growing up in a pristine mansion without any friends.

Oh…

Whereas I've had lots of freedom since I was little and even hung out with bad company. I also joined a karate dojo…

You do karate?

Yeah. I stopped recently, but I practiced it often when I was in the states.

That's completely different from the Kurusugawa I know.

She wouldn't touch martial arts with a ten-foot pole.

Grandfather would've forbidden her from doing something as ungirly as that. That's the sort of person he is.

You trying to say he's old-fashioned?

Yeah. He's too prim and proper for someone like me who was raised in the States.

She sighs.

He's been really naggy lately and trying to get me to learn to be more feminine. Like being really forceful even though I said no.

And that's why you were running away?

That's right. He's trying to get me to learn flower arrangement or something from some master.

And you ditched the lesson… What a waste. You should've just sat in and learned something.

Look, I can't sit still in a small room for too long. I prefer to move around.

She weaves her fingers together and stretches her arms out.

She really does seem like a dyed in the wool tomboy.

…

…

Our conversation has fizzled out.

…Whew.

Ayaka breathes out and narrows her eyes at the river bed.

A few children are playing baseball there.

*clink*

The sound of a metal bat hitting a ball reaches us as a breeze starts tousling Ayaka's hair.

…

Hmm…

When she keeps quiet like this, she really does look like Kurusugawa.

Their side profiles, especially.

Ayaka watches the children play for a while, and then…

I wish I could play too…

She mutters under her breath.

Huh? That was out of left field. You mean you wanna play baseball with the kids?

Yes.

She nods unabashedly.

A lady of house Kurusugawa and baseball don't belong in the same sentence.

You don't get it… It's exactly because I'm a lady. Man, I just wanna hit a ball with all my might…

She stretches her limbs.

For some reason, the words "Tomboy Princess" flash across my mind.

Pffssh…

I am snickering before I know it.

You look just like her yet you're completely different, and it feels so off!

Oh?

But yeah, you're sisters all right-totally identical in your unpredictability.

I laugh and stand up.

Nobody you know will be coming here.

I pat the grass off my pants.

Hm?

So just go ahead and join the baseball game if you really want to.

Huh?

Ayaka looks at me and smiles hesitantly.

I'll join you too. I haven't been exercising enough lately.

I say, stretching one of my shoulders.

Okay…

She stands up with a giggle.

Then, Ayaka and I ask the kids to let us join them.

She is surprisingly athletic and plays even better than me, which shoots her to fame amongst the kids.

It is a blur of fun, and just like that, the evening is upon us.

I had a lot of fun today.

Me too.

Thanks for joining me. Let's hang out like this again some day.

She smiles cheerfully as the setting sun casts everything around in a red glow.

I'll see you around!

Sure.

She walks away after waving.

But after two or three steps, she stops and turns around.

By the way, about my sister…

Hm?

I think she probably likes you.

What?!

Hehehe… I can tell. Call it a sister's instincts. I told you we have similar interests and preferences, right?

She smiles.

So there's hope for you yet.

About what?

Hehe… That's all I'm saying. See ya!

She waves again and leaves.

Kurusugawa likes me?

S-Seriously?

In that case…

Yes! That's great!

If it is guaranteed by her younger sister with similar interests and preferences, surely I can trust that.

…Unless she is just making fun of me.

What Ayaka likes is what Kurusugawa likes…

Hm?

Hang on…

Doesn't that mean Ayaka also…

…

Hmmm…

What is she trying to do, anyway?

I knew it. She is just making fun of me.

On my way home from school, I see a group of girls from Terajo, the all-girls school next door.

They are holding ice-cream cones and chatting among themselves.

Upon closer inspection, I see a familiar face.

It is Kurusugawa's younger sister, Ayaka.

She hasn't noticed me yet.

I can go up and greet her, but I might be interrupting since she is with her friends.

What should I do?

A. Go greet her anyway.

B. Do nothing.

Right.

Kurusugawa did tell me to make friends with her sister.

Let me just say hello.

I start walking towards the Terajo group.

And that new Serio model is really useful!

I approach Ayaka, who is talking happily about something, and call out to her from behind.

Hey.

For example, cooking. Serio has a repertoire of about 8,000 dishes from all over the world. Isn't that surprising?

…

But she is so engrossed in talking to her friends that she doesn't notice me at all.

Hey, I said!

It can also download all sorts of specialized knowledge instantly via satellite.

Heeey…

So future maid robots won't just be helping out with housework. They can also become home doctors, tutors, and many other things!

Didn't you hear me calling you?

I tickle her on her side.

My fingers move in a series of light, repetitive touches.

Eek!

And then…

I feel something like a flash of lightning shoot right through my chest to my back.

Then, a dull ache starts slowly spreading through my internal organs.

*c-cough…*

When I am finally able to exhale, my vision starts going white.

I collapse to the ground.

Wha… Hiroyuki? Oh, shoot! Hey, hang in there!

He's not moving…

Umm… This isn't good, right?

Should I call for an ambulance?

Hahaha… H-He'll be fine! He's a lot tougher than he looks…I think.

And how would you know whether I'm tough or not?

Don't be ridiculous.

I try to retort, but my consciousness slowly slips away from me.

Mm…

Hmm?

What?

I can feel something cool over my eyes.

I lift a hand and remove it.

It is a wet handkerchief.

And it isn't mine.

Above me is the clear, blue sky.

Below me, a bench.

It seems like I am lying down on a bench.

Oh, you're awake?

Ayaka?

And then, Akaya's face is right in front of mine.

She is staring at me with a troubled smile on her face.

You idiot. I just swung and hit you without thinking when you tickled me like that.

Hit me…

Does your stomach hurt?

Stomach…

When she says that, I realize that my stomach is, indeed, hurting.

Yeah…

I mumble in a daze, my head not completely clear yet.

I don't blame you. I rammed my elbow into you, after all. Even trained fighters would've fainted from that.

Elbow ram…

Powerful, wasn't it?

At that, I finally come to my senses.

You elbowed me in the guts?

I didn't do it to be mean. My body just moved on its own.

She admits sheepishly.

Right. She mentioned something about learning karate since she was little.

You're a human weapon.

Only because you startled me…

Normal people don't go around elbow ramming those who startle them!

Hey! Normal people also don't go around tickling girls on their sides!

That was nothing.

It was something. What if you got the wrong person? You'd be arrested for molestation.

Whereas you'd be arrested for assault.

Even though I am caught off-guard, getting knocked out by a girl and then made to lie down on a bench like that is just…

Dammit!

It is humiliating… Ahhh…

I am concerned about what the people around us think so I decide to get up.

Hup…

Or I try, at least, until someone puts some pressure on my stomach.

Oww…

A dull ache spreads through my body.

You need to lie down for a bit more. You're still hurt.

Ayaka says, rolling her eyes as she smiles at me.

I do feel bad about elbowing you like that, though.

Dammit…

Wait. Isn't she with a group of friends now?

I look around but only see Ayaka.

Where are your friends?

They went home.

They did what?

I don't know why, but they were laughing and quickly made themselves scarce.

What's gotten into them?

Dunno, maybe they just wanted to give us some space.

You and me?

Yeah. I think they may have misunderstood.

At that, I realize something.

There is something soft and smooth at the back of my head.

Could this be…

Ayaka.

Hm?

Am I currently using your lap as a pillow?

I ask while looking up.

Yes.

She smiles and nods.

Hehehe… What do you think? Pretty nice for a pillow, huh?

She peers at me as she asks.

I guess so…

I reply in all honesty.

Who wouldn't be happy to be sleeping on the lap of someone as pretty as Ayaka?

You really know how to get to a guy, huh?

I do? Hehe, thanks.

But this isn't enough to make up for what you did to my stomach at all.

Man, you're tough. Fine. What else should I do to appease you?

…

Hm? What?

She giggles.

Never mind. This is enough.

Hehe.

Drats. She is a tough one to handle.

That attack turned me into mush.

She is not one to be trifled with.

What's wrong?

…

Just you wait and see.

Payback time for me.

What should I do?

A. Lie face-down.

B. Inhale through nose.

C. Rub cheeks.

Her friends are around, so I decide not to.

Girls are so noisy when they gather in a group.

Maybe another day.

How's this?

I turn around and lay on my stomach with my face smushed into Ayaka's thighs.

Ah?!

She jolts in surprise.

Wh-What do you think you're doing?!

Lying face-down.

Okay… WHY are you lying face-down?

No particular reason. I always lie face-down when lying flat.

That is a lie.

Th-This is going a bit too far, though.

It's not like you're losing anything, so why not? Just treat it as a bonus service.

I think you may have gotten the wrong idea…

Who cares? Just let me enjoy my fantasies.

Fine… If you insist, I guess.

She's in a receptive mood today.

Good. I'll stay like this for a while then.

…

…

Your breathing is tickling me…

Suck it up.

…

…

How long are you planning on staying in that position?

For a looong while.

…

…

I turn my face to the side and take in a huge breath through my nose.

Inhale, exhale…

…

Inhale, exhale…

What do you think you're doing?!

Breathing in and out.

Why?

Because you smell nice.

…

…

Inhale, exhale…

…

Inhale, exhale…

…

Ahhh, such a nice smell…

…

Inhale, exhale…

…

Inhale, exhale…

Had enough?

No, not yet!!

Whoa, you're breathing really hard…

Inhale, exhale…

…

Inhale, exhale…

…

Okay, how long are you planning to do this?

For a looong while.

I turn my body and rub my cheeks against Ayaka's thighs.

*shh-shh-shh*

Ayakaaa…

W-Wait, what do you think you're doing?!

Can't you tell? I'm rubbing my cheeks on you.

I don't mean that… WHY exactly are you doing that?

No reason. Just moving by my carnal instincts right now.

Carnal instincts…

I wanted to rub my cheeks on you, and so I did.

…

*shh-shh-shh*

This feels nice.

*shh-shh-shh*

…

*shh-shh-shh-shh-shh-shh*

*shh-shh-shh*

Your skin feels like silk.

*shh-shh-shh*

And you sound like an old man.

*shh-shh-shh-shh-shh-shh*

Eventually, Ayaka giggles from the ticklish feeling.

Wow, you really know how to get your way.

She mumbles with a look of resignation on her face.

Lap pillows are a lot more powerful than I imagined.

*shh-shh-shh*

*shh-shh-shh*

Okay, how long are you planning to do this?

Forever if possible.

*bonk*

Ow!

All right, we're done here.

She suddenly stands up, causing my head to collide unceremoniously with the bench.

Ouch! Hey, what was that for?!

If you've got the strength to complain, you must be perfectly fine now.

Doesn't mean you can just-

Service is over! Sorry, but I'm actually quite a busy person and my schedule's fully packed after this.

She pats the dust off the back of her skirt.

As much as I'd love to hang out with you, I'm afraid I must take my leave now.

Tch, it is what it is.

Bye!

Yeah.

Take care of your tummy!

She waves and heads straight for the station.

…

And then she is gone.

Oh well. I should head home too.

Just as I am about to stand up…

Agh!

Pain flares up in my stomach and spreads out, forcing me to crouch down on the spot.

Urrrgh…

The elbow ram is still having an effect…

She was NOT messing around back there…

…

I make a mental note to never make her angry again.

She's scary.

Is that Kurusugawa spacing out over there?

Kurusugawa!

When I wave, she notices me and walks over.

Yo! Fancy meeting you here.

…

Huh? You're happy to see me too? Oh, you're such a sweet talker.

…

By the way, I bumped into your younger sister Ayaka the other day.

…

Yup, that's right. She's so hyper for someone who's supposed to be your sister. Not that I'm trying to say you're cold or anything…

…

Huh? Ayaka's a good girl so please be friends with her?

She nods.

Sure. I mean, she can be a little forceful sometimes, but I agree her heart's in the right place. Yup, friends we'll be.

Kurusugawa nods again and smiles gently.

…Or at least I feel like she did, anyway.

First period…

I stare out of the window and I allow my thoughts to wander.

She immediately comes to mind.

Ayaka Kurusugawa.

Why?

I've been thinking about her from time to time lately.

Hahaha! All that work and you didn't even get a thank you, huh?

Dammit.

Well, since I feel bad for you, I'll give you a little reward. Here.

You want to reward me with your leftover food?

What do you want instead, a little peak?

Sure, show me.

You saw everything the other day, didn't you?

But that was the other day.

Hahahaha! You're so weird!

Weird? I'm being very normal here.

That's not normal at all!

Am I currently using your lap as a pillow?

Hehehe… What do you think? Pretty nice for a pillow, huh?

You really know how to get to a guy, huh?

I do? Hehe, thanks.

But this isn't enough to make up for what you did to my stomach at all.

Man, you're tough. Fine. What else should I do to appease you?

…

Hm? What?

Never mind. This is enough.

Hehe.

I have no idea why she pops into my mind from time to time.

But maybe…

I've fallen in love with her without knowing it… No way, right?

Hmmm…

No point jumping to conclusions right now.

Let me think things through calmly.

Ayaka Kurusugawa.

Serika Kurusagawa's little sister.

Daughter of a rich family.

Grew up overseas.

She mentioned something about learning karate before.

A looker, as to be expected from someone related to Kurusugawa.

And a great figure to boot.

The skin on her thighs felt nice and soft too.

Her straight-talking character doesn't put me off.

She isn't aloof despite being wealthy and her unconventional personality because of her foreign upbringing actually draws me to her.

I enjoy talking with her.

Hmm.

I can't find anything for me to dislike about her at all.

Everything seems like a plus.

This is bad.

Have I really fallen in love with her?

A. I have.

B. No way.

Yeah. This is serious stuff.

I have indeed fallen in love with her.

Her face wouldn't be popping up so often in my mind otherwise.

Oh boy…

Ayaka, huh…

Nah, there's just no way.

I don't hate her, but that doesn't mean I am in love with her.

She is always saying such provocative things. It is only natural for me to be conscious of her.

She does make me curious, though.

Feels like I want to see her today, not that I know why.

Her, as in Ayaka Kurusugawa.

My chances of bumping into her while on the way back home are virtually zero, though.

I'll have to go look for her if I want to see her.

A. Go look.

B. Nah, I'm not gonna look for her.

Okay, guess I'll go look.

I decide to start by going around all the places we've previously met before.

I remember meeting her here the other day.

She was running away from her butler because she didn't want to go to some fancy flower arranging or tea ceremony lessons.

That was such a sudden encounter.

Let's see…

I look all around.

Hmm.

I am seeing a lot of girls in Terajo uniforms.

This is the nearest station to their school, so it isn't surprising.

But it is Ayaka I am looking for specifically.

…

Nope.

Hmmm…

I guess it isn't going to be that easy.

Let me try somewhere else.

Our next meeting was here.

She was with a group of friends, talking away.

It is around the same time as before, so she may be walking by again.

Is she here?

…

Nope.

Oh.

Didn't we play baseball with some kids by the river too?

Maybe she'll be there…

Hah… Of course not.

Who would go there for absolutely no reason?

Better look somewhere else.

Whew…

In the end, I never find her.

She is so weird, showing up when I'm not looking but nowhere in sight when I want to find her.

But it isn't like I am going to achieve anything by becoming angry over this.

I decide to give up and go home.

Just as I am about to turn in the direction of my home…

Hi there! Why are you looking so tired?

Someone calls out to me from behind, so I turn around.

Ah…

Heyo!

It is Ayaka in the flesh.

The person I've been waiting for.

It is like a cliche scene out of a soap opera.

What is it? Now you're looking all happy.

Nah, this is great. I was just looking for you.

What for?

Nothing in particular. Just felt like seeing you.

Oh, what a coincidence! As a matter of fact, I was thinking the same!

Great minds think alike.

They sure do.

And since we found each other, let's go somewhere and hang out.

Why not? Where are we going?

Hmm, maybe the river from the other day?

Let's do that!

And so, we both head for the river.

That peaceful place is just a five-minute walk from the station.

It is the best place to be on a fair weather day like today.

Those kids aren't here today.

She says as she looks at the field on the riverbed.

She is probably referring to the kids playing baseball here the other day.

I don't know if they're just not here today, or if it is the other day that was a fluke.

That was fun. Man, now I wanna play baseball again.

Can't do that with two people.

We can just toss the ball to and fro.

But we don't have a ball…or baseball mitts.

Hmm…

She looks around the area.

Ah!

Then starts walking to the bushes near the river like she has found something.

*rustle, rustle*

Hm?

Look! I found a ball!

She exclaims happily as she picks up a dirty-looking baseball hidden in the bushes.

Now we can play catch!

That's a dirty ball…and it looks like a child's toy too.

Good enough for us. Let's do this!

All right, as you wish…

Despite my reluctance, we have a great time throwing the ball around and catching it.

The field is quite large and we have to run quite a bit to get the ball again if we don't catch it the first time.

So we both toss the ball as hard as we can and catch it as quickly as possible.

We are both really into the game,

burning with a competitive spirit that makes us turn a game of catch into something like dodgeball instead.

We are both really getting into it.

That was heck of a lotta fun! Wasn't it?

Y-Yeah… I guess…

I am panting hard.

Hahaha! You look tired. You were the one running 80% of the time, after all.

No way…70%, maybe.

I guess that's not much of a difference.

Losing your breath after that little bit of running… You need to exercise more.

Sorry about that…

Akari says the same thing about me all the time.

I do feel a little pathetic.

Anyway, I won this game!

She smiles.

Yeah, yeah…

I can't believe she is so happy about winning a game like this…

I wonder why…

Huh?

I haven't been able to put my heart into anything lately, yet here I am, running around like an excited kid today. And the other day too.

She looks right at me.

Maybe it's because of you?

She smiles softly.

It enhances her natural beauty and makes my heart skip a beat.

Wh-Who knows…

I turn away and look at the river.

Hehe… This makes me remember my life in the States.

She stretches out both hands and looks up at the sky.

New York, right?

I ask.

Yeah.

She nods.

Right. She was raised in New York.

She moved back to Japan with her parents halfway through elementary school.

My school friends and I used to compete in silly games like this with each other all the time.

Silly games like catch?

Not just that. Sometimes we'd compete in basketball, tag, or even our grades.

People there have a high regard for a person's abilities. You had to show off sometimes or they wouldn't respect you.

I see…

I stood out quite a bit in school and was known as the heiress of a major Japanese company, so everybody wanted a piece of me.

Did they now?

Even in America, it can be hard not to stand out, huh…

I wasn't averse to competing, and I didn't want to be known as a coward for running away, so I accepted every challenge thrown at me.

Sounds like what you'd do, but how many did you win?

She grins impishly at my question.

All of them. I've never lost before<rep rep_heart>

And then she winks.

You just can't beat natural talent.

Wow. Brag much?

Hehehe.

But wouldn't beating them put you in an even more precarious position?

Not really. Those kids are open like that. Once they acknowledged your ability, they'd allow you into the fold even if you were an impudent Japanese heiress.

Well Americans do pride themselves on egalitarianism, after all.

It makes things simple, and that's great.

She chuckles.

Anyway, I somehow became the leader of the pack.

Wow.

Little Ayaka reigning supreme over a bunch of American kids.

I would've loved to have seen that.

Has it already been six years? Man, I miss those times.

She says wistfully, her eyes half-closed.

And then she blurts out something like she'd had a sudden realization.

Right… That means it's been that long since what happened with him too…

What she mumbles catches my attention.

Him?

I ask.

Curious?

She looks at me with a cheeky grin.

Dragging things out after teasing me like that?

Yeah, I am.

So I reply honestly.

Okay. I'll tell you.

Who was he? A boyfriend you went out with over there?

Not really a boyfriend…

She pauses and looks at me.

Someone I was in love with.

There is sadness in her eyes.

Oh…

I feel shaken despite myself.

Ayaka notices that and smirks.

It was six years ago.

She starts looking into the distance and I know that means it is flashback time.

It happened six years ago, when I was still living overseas.

I was ten and, well, you heard how I was behaving. Everyone in school knew who I was.

Every day, the teachers praised me, and my classmates fussed over me.

They even gave me the nickname Princess. That was how famous I was.

And that was the situation I was in when I met him.

He was a 16-year-old high school boy from Japan, so six years older than me. His father was a manager in Kurusugawa Electronics' New York branch, and their family had just moved there a few months ago.

My Japanese wasn't all that good back then, so my father hired him as a tutor for me. He's the reason why I can speak Japanese as well as I can now.

He was kind, cool, and popular among the girls.

He knew a lot of things I didn't know, and knew how to solve problems I found impossible to crack. I could never beat him at chess or Othello!

So I had genuine respect for him, which eventually evolved into a crush.

He was a sportsman too! He joined a dojo to learn full contact karate,

and even though he was new to the sport, he quickly got better and would jokingly teach me some styles and formations sometimes.

I learned more things from him than my parents and teachers-like stuff about movies, music, and Japan…

My knowledge grew because of him, and that made me even more popular in school.

I loved him and loved it when he complimented me.

Gradually, though, he stopped playing with me

and was more focused on practicing karate.

He stopped visiting my house and wouldn't be at home when I tried to find him. We slowly grew apart.

It was sad. I felt like karate had taken him from me.

So what do you think I did? That's right. I started going for karate lessons as well, but at a different dojo so that I could surprise him.

I learned so quickly.

My master and seniors were surprised and praised me for being one-in-a-million.

I was happy about my growth as well and kept clearing the promotion exams.

After a while, I met him again and asked him for a sparring match. I wanted him to know just how strong I had become.

He accepted the challenge in half-amusement at first.

But I was stronger than he expected and so he turned serious as well.

A high school boy against an elementary school girl.

And then I won. Easily.

I remember the move that won me the match. A spinning back kick. I dodged his right punch and countered with that to his body, knocking him out. He wasn't able to stand for a while.

I was so happy, thinking he would praise me again like before.

And then what happened?

I ask.

What do you think happened?

She asks back with narrowed eyes.

How would I know?

He cried.

Cried?

Yup. And then grew hysterically angry. I mean, of course he would, right? A teenager losing to a kid? Must've been the shock of his life.

She mumbles, her eyes staring into the distance.

Later, I learned that his sudden obsession with karate was actually an excuse to avoid having contact with me.

Why?

Apparently because he was afraid of me.

Afraid of you?

I would ask him difficult questions he didn't know the answers to. I was better than him at chess and Othello. I mastered the karate moves he taught me for fun so easily.

So he was afraid…that I would one day absorb everything that was his.

Whoa…

He was practically half-jinxed.

Now that I think about it, karate was probably his final bastion of pride. Something he was sure he could be stronger than me in. Yet I easily broke that down too.

He went all out against a little girl and lost.

Of course he'd be shocked.

After that incident, he avoided me even more than usual, and that's the story of how I ended my first love with a spinning back kick and learned what empty victory meant on my 10th summer on God's green earth.

She grins.

Love, huh…

It was a pretty long time ago.

For a while, I was thinking of quitting karate too, but I continued in the end. Would be stupid of me to stop doing something I was finally interested in because of that silly reason, right?

Right.

She is the pragmatic type.

I moved back to Japan with my parents after some time and never saw him again. Don't know what he's up to these days at all.

Rumor has it he quit karate and became sort of aimless after that…

…

Reevaluated his life after losing to a little girl, huh…

That poor soul.

Sorry, I feel like I'm talking to myself. That was boring, huh?

Not at all.

Well then… What do you think of what happened?

What do I think? Hmm…

I have no idea what to say.

It's surprising that a kid could beat a teenager.

Even I know that was a boring comment to make.

You must've been quite something back then.

I'm even better now<rep rep_heart>

She winks mischievously.

Like what? Can you beat a cow?

Sure can. Lions and tigers too.

Don't be ridiculous.

Hehehe.

Though, I honestly wouldn't put it beyond her.

For someone with a past like that, you're still pretty aggressive now, aren't you?

Yeah, that's just who I am. Leopards can't change their spots and all, you know?

That's true, but you know…

What? Trying to say I should be acting more mature now?

Not really. You wouldn't be you if you weren't like this, after all.

Like what?

Like…this?

Explain yourself.

It's not something I can explain with words…

I say.

Hehe.

She giggles happily.

The mood feels pretty good.

This mood could be the reason I am so fond of hanging out with her.

It is an easy and relaxing relationship.

Different sort of ease than the type I feel with Akari.

After a little while…

I do feel bad about what I did to him even now.

Ayaka says.

My actions hurt him, and I feel responsible for that. People flattering me whenever I kept winning made me insensitive.

It wasn't your fault.

I tell her.

It was his problem to deal with. Not your fault at all.

Hiroyuki…

Stop letting something so silly get you down. It's time to forget about it.

When I say that, the corners of Ayaka's lips lift.

Thank you.

She says with a smile.

You made me feel better.

But it's not like I'm trying to forget him.

It wasn't the best of memories, but I really had fun back then and I'm grateful to him for that.

Ayaka.

Yes?

You're really positive.

I am?

And I like positive people.

Aww, that's sweet. Thanks.

She laughs and replies jokingly.

Alright.

I stand up.

Ayaka.

What?

What's your best skill right now?

Huh?

Compete with me on that.

This is sudden. What's gotten into you?

Honestly, I'm kinda like you.

But it's not that I care about winning, I just hate to lose. Losing all the time leaves a bad aftertaste in my mouth, you know?

You mean our game of catch just now?

That's exactly it. I want payback for just now by challenging you to a competition, and I want to do it in something you're good at.

That puts you at a disadvantage, doesn't it?

What's the point of beating someone at something they're not good at, right?

If you can beat me, that is.

Right. So, what is it?

What I'm good at? Let me think…

She thinks about it for a while.

Has to be martial arts.

She says with a smile.

M-Martial arts…

Yes. Martial arts is a profound sport. You need the right balance of strength, technique, strategy, courage, talent, and experience. Only someone who has all that in spades can make it to the top.

I don't disagree on the profound part, but I'm not sure about having a martial arts match with you…

Why?

Because I have to hit you, and I don't wanna hit a girl…

Haha!

Ayaka bursts out laughing.

Hm?

It'll be just fine. No need to worry at all. Come over here.

Hm?

I follow her as requested.

Try punching me in the face.

Punch…?

With all your strength.

I can't do that.

Why not?

What if I really hit you?

You won't! Hmm… How do I explain this… Fine. Try touching my face then.

What?

Lightly. That should be okay, right?

Lightly…like this?

I stretch my hand out towards Ayaka's face.

*sst*

Ah…

Ayaka moves to the left without making a sound and my hand touches empty air.

I'm over here.

I reach out once more.

*sst*

Huh?

Hehe, what's the matter?

You little…

I reach out for her.

She dodges.

Dammit.

I reach out again.

She dodges again.

Hey, stop that!

I try again.

And she dodges me once more.

Ayaka is like a leaf floating on water, dodging my hand every time I reach out to her.

Guh…

This is annoying.

Fine.

I am going to do this seriously.

She better be ready.

This time, I will…

*hgnh*

I stretch my hand out to the left.

But it is a feint and I actually go for dead center.

*HMPH*

But…

Huh?

What? You thought I'd fall for your lousy feint?

So annoying!

This is starting to make me mad!

You twerp!

*hmmmph*

Unable to endure it any longer, I stretch both hands out and…

*whoosh*

Ngh…

Ayaka's fist stops right in front of my eyes.

…

How's that? Would've been a clean hit if I hadn't stopped in time!

Y-Yeah…

What do you think would've happened if this had been a martial arts match?

So you did all that just to make a point, huh?

Ayaka smiles and withdraws her hand.

But you're quite something yourself, Hiroyuki, challenging me as an absolute greenhorn.

…

Well, how about this?

Hm?

Our match will follow basic boxing rules.

Boxing rules?

That's right. As a handicap, if you can hit me even once during the next week, you win. If you give up or run out of time, then I win!

…

I'll get a pair of gloves for you too. Nobody gets hurt that way and you can swing at me to your heart's content!

…

Hmm… What should I do?

Do I play the game with these terms or not?

A. Yes.

B. No.

Not today.

I'll meet up with her another day.

Sure. Let's do this.

I respond.

I'll take those terms.

Good sport!

She beams.

I'll tell you my phone number so give me a holler whenever you feel like challenging me. We'll meet here at around this time. How's that?

Got it.

I nod.

Also, how about this?

Hm?

The loser has to do something for the winner… Anything the winner asks for.

Anything?

Anything.

…

…

…

…

Okay, cool.

I smirk.

She smirks as well.

That's settled then! I'll be brutally honest: You don't stand a snowball's chance in hell at your current level, so buck up on the training, yeah?

Grr.

She doesn't mince her words…

Sadly, however, it is the truth.

Just you wait. I don't care if you're a prodigy or whatever, 'cause I'm a force to be reckoned with when I get serious too.

Can't wait to see that!

Heh heh heh.

Heh heh heh.

We laugh sinisterly at each other.

Thus begins my battle against Ayaka.

Wait a minute.

Hm?

How did things become like this?

I was simply…

…

Eh, whatever.

Nah.

I respond.

Having gloves doesn't make things better. Let's try something else. What're you good at besides martial arts?

Lotsa things! Or should I say, basically everything?

For example?

Anything you can think of. Track and field, ball games, swimming, academics… There's nothing I can't excel in if I just try. Even stuff like video games, karaoke, bowling, billiards…

…

Is she some kind of professional pleasure-seeker?

Oh! I've been really into fishing lately!

Fishing?

Yup! Fishing!

What are you, 80?

Shut up! Fishing is great and for all ages!

But, you know…

Listen up! When I say fishing, I mean…

I have to sit for her lecture about the wonders of fishing until pretty late.

It is around six in the evening when we part ways.

Dammit.

That Ayaka.

I had no idea she was so strong.

Karate-trained or not, she is still a girl.

I was so sure I could overwhelm her as long as I pulled out all the stops, since I was a guy.

I was too naive.

Her strength is the real thing.

An amateur couldn't hope to beat her.

That condition about winning if I could just land a hit… I honestly thought it would be a cinch.

But there is no way you can land even a lucky hit on someone that good.

She knew some amateur wouldn't be able to land a hit on her.

And she was right.

At this rate, I am never going to win.

But I'm not going to just give up either.

The only thing to do now is train.

I'm not expecting anything to change overnight, but you never know if you never try.

I'll practice before taking a bath.

I'll use the punching method that Ayaka taught me.

The objective of this match isn't to knock the opponent out, so speed is of more importance.

My textbook will be my favorite manga, "Hayame no Gyuho".

Let's see…

To punch quickly, clench your fist tightly and only in the moment of impact…

Right.

I got it now.

I call Ayaka's mobile phone using a nearby public phone.

Hello?

Hey, it's me, Hiroyuki.

Right.

Let's have a match today.

Hehehe. Bring it on.

I'll be waiting by the river at the spot from the other day.

Got it. I'll be right there.

Alright.

I head to the river as well.

…

Sorry for the wait!

There you are.

You're pretty confident, huh? Leaving your first challenge to the last day.

A real showdown should only happen once.

Wow, now I'm curious.

She grins.

There is another person behind her.

Hello.

Serio? What are you-?

I've asked her to be our judge for today.

Judge…as in referee?

I will be fair.

She lowers her head slightly.

But why is Serio with you…

She was invented by our company.

Oh, right… Kurusugawa.

She's my favorite and we're friends. Right, Serio?

…

Although Serio's expression doesn't change, she seems a little flattered.

Was today the last day of the test for you too, Serio?

No. I still have three weeks to go.

Really? I think Multi finished today, though.

Yes.

Tell Multi I said hi when you get back to the lab.

…

You WILL see her, right?

Yes. Probably…

Probably?

Very well. I will tell her you said, 'hi,'if I see her.

IF she sees her?

So she doesn't know if she'll be seeing her?

Serio, your test is still going on, right?

Yes. I still have three weeks to go.

Oh… By the way, how's Multi doing?

…

What's wrong?

She…

Hm?

She has been transferred to a new project, and we do not see each other anymore.

Oh, I see.

…Yes.

Well, if you bump into her somewhere, tell her I said hi, okay?

…

Serio?

…Understood.

She gives me a small nod.

How is it? Starting to see a way to beat me yet?

You bet. I win if I can just get one hit in, right? Even an amateur can do that.

Hehehe, you just don't get it.

Get what?

Martial arts isn't as easy as you think, and worse yet, your opponent is yours truly. Impromptu tactics aren't going to be enough to touch me.

I won't know until I try, right?

Well… You'll know once you've tried.

…

Truth is, I practiced a little after our agreement.

I did push-ups, sit-ups, other exercises, and some shadow boxing.

My muscles are still a little sore because of that.

I know I can't possibly become better than Ayaka with that sliver of training, but it is just one hit, right? I am sure I can force that through somehow.

Time to let her see how strong a man really can be.

Shall we begin?

Yeah.

Serio, gloves.

Yes.

Serio takes out red gloves and violet gloves from her duffel bag.

Here.

She gives the violet gloves to Ayaka and the red gloves to me.

Wear these.

Okay.

The gloves are in a special shape.

They cover my fists fully but have space for the fingers and I can open my hands fully.

There is some padding inside but only a minimal amount.

I thought she would be bringing the puffy boxing gloves.

Is it really okay for me to hit her with these?

Well… She is a karate veteran.

She'll have me eating dirt if I let my guard down even for a second.

I have to go into our fight with the attitude that I am competing in a sport.

I'm ready.

Me too.

I bump my fists together.

Then let's do this.

Right on.

Remember, you just have to get one hit in to win. Whereas I have to either knock you out or make you surrender.

Yeah.

Ayaka clenches her fists and gets into a fighting position.

Just to get this straight…

She looks me in the eyes.

Hm?

I know it's immature of me to be doing this to an amateur, but since this is a showdown and all, I'll be going all out.

O-Okay…

Guys are tough, and a little bit of pain won't get you down, right?

…

Hah… She's trying to intimidate me.

If she thinks I'll be scared about something like that…she is right.

This is bad.

I can't lose heart now.

It is just one hit.

It all hinges on how I deliver it…I think.

Right, I'm ready too. Serio.

Yes. We shall now begin.

*gulp*

I swallow and clench my fists tightly.

Ready…

…

…

Go!

That's the cue!

How should I fight?!

A. First to move wins!

B. Watch and wait.

C. Do a feint.

The first rule of a fist fight is that…

The first to move wins!

As soon as the match begins, I quickly rush forward and throw a straight punch as a surprise attack.

*fwoosh*

!

But it doesn't hit.

Ayaka dodges it like she knew it was coming.

My punch merely swipes a few strands of her hair.

She is on my right.

But with my arm extended, she easily finds a blind spot and vanishes momentarily from sight.

Just then…

*swoosh*

I see a flash of violet light from my blind spot.

*SLAM*

A cracking sound.

And then my vision fades out.

Arrrgh…

She got me good.

That was a perfect counter to the side of my head.

Damn it.

A surprise attack hoping to get the first hit in, right? I expected as much, and I was waiting for it.

Crap…

Look, if your opponent sees through your strategy, it's no longer a surprise attack. I knew you would be doing something like that to cover up our difference in skill.

Guh…

She is right, much as I hate to admit it.

Always move in an unpredictable way. Martial arts isn't like a regular fist fight. There are mind games involved too.

…

It is true. I treated this too lightly.

Alright.

I should see what the opponent throws at me first.

Ordinarily, a surprise attack would greatly boost my chances of victory, but surely she would see that coming from a mile away.

I decide to quietly wait and see.

When she sees that I'm not doing anything…

What's wrong? Aren't you here to spar?

She asks while bouncing on her feet rhythmically.

She is trying to provoke me into attacking her.

If I make a bad move, she'll use that to counter me into kingdom come.

You can't win by staring at me. Come on, give me your best shot.

Not now.

She's trying really hard to provoke me.

I can't move yet.

Well, if you're not gonna do anything…

*shff-shff*

Right side?!

When I turn my body, Ayaka's comes in from the left with a jab… no! That was a feint!

But my body reacts before I can process it.

*SLAM*

A cracking sound.

My head shakes violently at the right hook-the real move-she had thrown.

And then my vision fades out.

Urgh…

She got me good.

Luring her into making the first move was a good idea, but I wasn't prepared to deal with her attack.

Damn it.

It was the right move, waiting for the opponent to strike first, but you didn't know the basics at all and weren't able to deal with it.

…

She's absolutely right.

I honestly thought you would try to go for a surprise attack, so this was unexpected.

Should I have done that?

On the contrary! I would've countered immediately because I was expecting it.

…

I'd say you did well not falling for my trap. Now you just need to brush up on the basics.

…

I can't refute that.

Calmness is different from cowardice, though. If you end up dragging your feet because of overthinking, that becomes cowardice.

I guess so…

I hate to admit it, but she is right.

She is clearly much more skilled than me.

Catching her off guard with a surprise attack should be the right way to handle this.

But there is a high chance Ayaka is waiting for that and will use it to counter.

In that case, I should go for a feint and follow up quickly with another attack!

I narrow my eyes smugly at Ayaka and step forward to throw out a jab.

However, I stop short because it is a feint.

At the same time, Ayaka's gloves twitch a little.

Seeing her reaction, I feel vindicated.

She was preparing to counter my first move!

Immediately, I step forward to throw out my actual attack!

A two-hit combo starting from that fake jab!

The slight delay in time makes Ayaka dish out her counter a split second too late.

I'm clear!

*swiff* *swiff*

But Ayaka sways away at the last minute.

She dodges it!

My right arm is stretched out too far.

The moment it occurs to me I am in danger…

*swoosh*

I see a flash of violet light.

*SLAM*

A cracking sound.

And then my vision fades out.

Ugggh…

She got me good.

I read her moves but didn't have the skills to follow through.

Damn it.

That was a pretty good offensive. I honestly thought you would try to go for a surprise attack and was preparing to counter, but you started with a feint!

…

I thought you'd be easy to deal with as an amateur, but you almost tricked me there.

Almost isn't good enough.

True, but I am a little shocked that I misread you. You made good use of your amateur status against me.

Beginner's luck.

Now you just need to brush up on your basics. Your punch was woefully amateur.

Urgh…

I can't refute that.

I hate to admit it, but she is right.

Can you stand up?

Yeah, 'tis but a scratch…

I quickly stand up.

The moment I am on my feet, it feels like the world is spinning.

That attack is still having an effect on me, but I refuse to let it show on my face.

Anyway, what's your decision, Serio?

Lady Ayaka wins.

Yes!

Damn…

Hehe, looks like I won this one.

Yeah, it's my defeat.

Did it hurt?

Like getting hit by a truck.

There's just no way you're getting anywhere without the basics. You can always cancel the match now if you want.

No way. I'm gonna win. It's just one hit. I can do that once I get used to this.

Ayaka shrugs in resignation.

Fine. Let me give you a short lesson, then.

You?

Yes, me. Can't stand receiving charity from the enemy?

Hrm…

Actually, no, but…

Acting tough isn't gonna put me any closer to victory, so against my better judgment… Please.

Hehehe, there's no shame in being honest, you know.

After that, Ayaka teaches me the basics of throwing a punch.

Chin in, sides in.

Release tension, relax.

Rotate the waist, shift weight from back to front leg, then punch.

Jab, straight, hook.

Call me for sparring practice any time. I wanna see what sort of force to be reckoned with you become when you get serious.

Dammit… Yeah, just wait and see.

I'll be waiting.

She grins.

I call Ayaka using a nearby public phone.

Ayaka's mobile phone number is…

*beep, beep, beep*

Hello?

It's me, Hiroyuki. Time for action.

Got it. I'll be right there.

All set.

I head to the river.

…

Now then…

Calling her is the easy part. Now I need to think about how to win.

A single hit.

That is all I need to do.

Then I'll win.

Though that is easier said than done.

She isn't a practice dummy.

She is a live opponent who will evade and attack.

She isn't going to let me hit her so easily.

So what am I gonna do about it?

I can't draw it out for too long.

The longer the match goes, the more obvious our skill difference will become.

I have to aim to finish it quickly.

And I have to do it by going all out right off the bat this time too.

If I can't hold my own against her, then I have to depend on punch strength and instantaneous force.

I'll force my way to a win by getting close to her.

And I'll do it as soon as the match begins, so that she doesn't turn the flow of battle to her favor.

One hit.

Just one hit.

Sorry to keep you waiting!

Hey, you're here.

About ten plus minutes after I had arrived,

Ayaka and Serio show up.

Waited long?

Not really. In fact, I was just coming up with a concrete plan to win.

Really? Now that I have to see.

By the way, today's the last day, right? You gonna be okay?

What do you mean?

You sure you can win?

Nothing's for sure until we try it out, right?

I won't lose, you know.

She giggles.

And standing behind her is…

Hello.

Her Robomaid, Serio.

Hey, Serio. How've you been?

I have been fine, thank you.

As indifferent as ever.

What's your confidence level today?

I'm confident. …If that means anything.

Aww, why the sudden lack of bravado?

Sh-Shut up!

I'm not about to tell her she's taught me a hard lesson about that.

Just watch and see. I'll land a hit on you today if it's the last thing I do.

You sure about that?

Hah! Course I'm sure. I'm not about to become known as the pathetic guy who couldn't even land a hit on a girl, even if she is a trained karate master.

In case you haven't noticed, I'm not just some random girl.

Then what are you?

Well, think of me as a martial artist of repute.

That sounds awfully dramatic.

I mean, it's the truth.

She giggles.

You'll see what I mean soon enough.

Yeah, yeah.

Hehe… Serio, gloves.

Yes.

Serio takes out red gloves and violet gloves from her duffel bag and brings them over.

Ayaka and I take the gloves and put them on.

I'm ready.

Me too.

Then let's start!

Yeah, talking isn't gonna get us anywhere. Let's get this over with.

Right. Serio.

Yes. Well then…

Serio is the referee. She steps forward.

Ready…

We both get into fighting stances.

Go!

*sh-shff*

The moment the signal is given, I take a big step out.

Ayaka seems surprised by my aggressive approach.

Which direction should I attack from?!

A. The front!

B. Go around from the left!

C. Go around from the right!

I'll attack from head-on, fair and square!

I close the distance between us by breaking into a charge.

I have longer reach than she does.

Even though I know I'd surely lose in close combat, I should be able to somehow get one hit in at least.

First, I have to block her attack…

*smack*

Huh?

*smack*

Huh?

*smack, smack, smack*

Huh?

Why does this seem so one-sided…?

Oh crap.

My guard…

*SMACK*

My world starts spinning.

Wha?

What happened?

Did I just get my behind handed to me?

Apparently, I did.

Dammit…

Her punches were lightning fast.

I didn't even see them coming.

Hello? Earth to Hiroyuki?

Ayaka is calling me.

Present…

I open my mouth and answer.

That hurt…

I push myself up and sit cross-legged on the grass.

Oh, you look fine.

I'm in pain.

She giggles at that.

You were such a fool, coming in from the front like that. You still haven't learned your lesson from the last time, huh.

…

At least use your legs more. Footwork is like the basics of all basics.

Sorry for being an amateur who doesn't even know the basics.

But you've learned something from this, right?

Dammit…

I'll go around from the left!

I put my amateurish footwork to good use and go around her from the left.

Then, I launch a sneak attack.

I jab!

*swish*

But Ayaka sways and dodges it without much effort.

Dammit!

*swish*

*smack*

She lifts a hand and parries my attack.

I turn to the left and attack.

*swish, swish, swish*

*smack, smack, smack*

Parry, parry, dodge…

I can't hit her at all.

Ayaka keeps a constant distance from me and moves to the side as needed with rhythmic footwork that makes it seem like she is dancing.

She seems to be telling me she can counterattack any time she wants.

Pauses like these are getting on my nerves.

Dammit, I have a longer reach than she does.

Even though I know I'll surely lose in close combat, I should be able to somehow get one hit in at least.

First, I have to block her attack…

*smack*

Huh?

*smack*

Huh?

*smack, smack, smack*

Huh?

Why does this seem so one-sided…?

Oh crap.

My guard…

*SMACK*

My world starts spinning.

Dammit…

She is defending so well I can't even scratch her.

Hello? Earth to Hiroyuki?

Ayaka is calling me.

Present…

I open my mouth and answer.

That hurt…

I push myself up and sit cross-legged on the grass.

Oh, you look fine.

I'm in pain.

She giggles at that.

It was a great idea to use your legs, but if you're gonna go around someone, the other way might be better. Everyone knows you should go around the side of the opponent's front leg.

Sorry for being such a dumb amateur.

But you've learned something from this, right?

Dammit…

Okay, I'll go around from the right!

I put my amateurish footwork to good use and go around her from the right.

Getting into a fighting stance makes me realize that if someone tried to go around me from the side of my front leg, I would have trouble dealing with that.

I'd be a fool to not use this new knowledge.

I keep mumbling to myself to shift to the right as I throw out a jab.

*swish*

However, Ayaka dodges it easily by stepping to the side.

Crap…

*swish*

*smack*

This time, she lifts a hand and parries my attack.

I turn to the right and attack.

*swish, swish, swish*

*smack, smack, smack*

Parry, parry, dodge…

I can't hit her at all.

Ayaka keeps a constant distance from me and moves to the side as needed with rhythmic footwork that makes it seem like she is dancing.

She seems to be telling me she can counterattack any time she wants.

Pauses like these were getting on my nerves.

Dammit, I have a longer reach than she does.

Even though I know I'll surely lose in close combat, I should be able to somehow get one hit in at least.

First, I'll go around to her right…

*smack*

Uh-oh…

I move, but Ayaka's punch is waiting for me.

She predicted my move.

And she waited to hit me when I went around her.

*smack*

Urgh… A second hit!

Nothing else to do now but force my counter-attack to land…

*smack, smack, smack*

Augh…

Why does this seem so one-sided…?

Oh crap.

My guard…

*SMACK*

My world starts spinning.

Dammit…

She is defending so well I can't even scratch her.

Hello? Earth to Hiroyuki?

Ayaka is calling me.

Present…

I open my mouth and answer.

That hurt…

I push myself up and sit cross-legged on the grass.

Oh, you look fine.

I'm in pain.

She giggles at that.

Trying to get around from the right was a good strategy. Maneuvering to the outside of your opponent's lead leg is key.

But you saw me and countered.

You just need practice. Sure, moving right is the fundamental approach, but if you do it every time, it'll be too easy to anticipate. You've got to keep your opponent guessing.

Dammit… I knew that, though.

Well, Serio… What's the verdict?

Lady Ayaka wins.

Yes!

Aww, man…

Well, now it's time for Master Ayaka's lesson of the day.

Thanks…

I'll teach you more about footwork today. It's important for both offense and defense. The basics of the basics…

Ayaka gives me some pointers on basic movements.

I am supposed to focus on circling around my opponent.

And I have to combine that with rotations anchored by the pivot foot.

I am to shuffle around and not lift my foot off the ground too much.

Relax my knees, maintain a fixed distance for movement, and move rhythmically.

When stepping out in the direction I want to move in, pull the other foot in.

It sounds easy but is a very specific sort of movement.

Repeated practice is the key.

I can tell you've been practicing the punches I taught you the last time. You punched quite well today.

Yeah, thanks.

Now you can add footwork to your practice schedule.

You bet. I'll do that.

I call Ayaka using a nearby public phone.

Ayaka's mobile phone number is…

*beep, beep, beep*

Hello?

Hiroyuki here. Let's have a match today.

Got it. I'll be right there.

Alright!

Today's the day.

I head to the river.

My strategy for today is…

I would stop attacking recklessly and observe her attacks instead.

This is it.

All this time, I was so hung up on getting just one hit in that I was only thinking about bulldozing my way through.

That isn't going to work.

Not on her, at least.

I should watch every one of her attacks carefully and plan my punches precisely.

Never letting any attack go to waste.

A rash offensive will open me up to counterattacks.

One hit.

I only have to get one hit in to win.

I can try as many times as I want.

As long as I remain standing, I have a chance.

If I keep my guard up and avoid being hit.

Conserving my energy and waiting for her to run out of stamina before quickly and precisely delivering a decisive punch.

That is it.

Heeey!

Hey yourself.

About ten plus minutes after I had arrived,

Ayaka and Serio show up.

Sorry, sorry. Were you waiting long?

Nah. I made use of the time to plan my strategy, and I have to say, you need to prepare yourself today.

Wow, someone's confident. Let's see what you can do then.

By the way, today's the last day, right? You gonna be okay?

What do you mean?

You sure you can win?

Nothing's for sure until we try it out, right?

I won't lose, you know.

She giggles.

Hello, Hiroyuki.

Hey, Serio. Looking as lovely as always.

…

She seems a little…flattered.

Hey, what about me?

You look beautiful, obviously.

Hehe, flattery will get you nowhere.

Nah, I meant what I said, or at least half meant it, anyway.

Right, shall we get started?

Yeah.

Serio, gloves.

Yes.

We take our gloves from Serio and put them on.

This'll be our third match, huh?

No need to keep counting, because this'll be the last one.

You really think so? Even though you should be aware of my strength by now?

The stronger the enemy, the higher the EXP. That means it's worth a shot.

EXP?

Once I beat you, I'll level-up to the sky.

What does level-up mean?

Don't worry about it.

Hm?

I'll admit I was a bit too reckless in our other fights. That's why I'm gonna be extra careful today.

It's good to observe the opponent, but not so good to remain perpetually passive!

I know that. Just watch.

Then, I bumped my fists together.

Okay then. Serio, you're up.

Yes. Let us begin.

Serio is the referee. She steps forward.

Ready…

We both get into fighting stances.

Go!

I move my feet the moment the signal is given…

…all the while maintaining a fixed distance from Ayaka and keeping my guard up.

Not bad…

Ayaka gives me an impressed look after observing my footwork.

I can tell you've been practicing. You've gotten much better.

Thanks to you.

But…

She closes the distance between us in the next instant.

*smack*

Her left punch comes as fast as lightning.

I barely manage to block it with my arm and am pushed back from the impact.

Hey, don't stop moving just because of that. If you're staggering, it means your footwork's not strong enough!

Gah…

Always go back to your basic stance immediately because you never know when the next attack is coming.

Yes, Ma'am.

Okay, here goes.

*smack*

*smack*

*smack*

She starts throwing out jabs from all directions and angles.

Urgh.

It is like she is using a flexible but heavy whip. So much for "hitting like a girl"…

*smack*

*smack*

Urgh, this is bad.

She will force my guard open eventually at this rate.

Focusing on defending is the wrong move.

I have to start attacking too.

I decide to parry the next jab from the left by deflecting it and counterattack.

What sort of combo should I use?!

A. Parry on the outside with my left hand, then attack using the right!

B. Parry on the inside with my right hand, then attack from the left!

C. Aim for a cross-counter!

Parry with your left hand on the outside, then attack from the right!

I keep my guard up while watching Ayaka carefully, calculating the timing of her left jab.

*smack*

*smack, smack*

The next one!

Come on!

*swish*

Bingo!

*thwack*

I redirect the trajectory of Ayaka's jab outside with my left hand.

?!

Her face tenses up.

Now!

I immediately use my right hand to…

Ugh?!

My body's facing the right?!

Oh no, my counterattack will be dela-

*SMACK*

Ah…

It is at that exact moment that Ayaka's right punch connects with the side of my head.

My head sways, and then…

*smack, smack, SMACK*

She follows up with three more attacks.

Every opening I show is exploited.

She is just too freakin' good…

Am I actually fighting against someone that extraordinary?

She isn't just some random girl, that is for sure.

Dammit…

Are you okay?

Huh?

I turn to see that Serio is right next to me, fanning my face with a plastic board.

Ayaka is crouching down next to her, watching me.

Looks like you're awake.

Urgh…

I push myself up and sit cross-legged on the grass.

Man, I was so sure things would go smoothly today…

Parrying my attack on the left was a good idea, but throwing the attack outside came with risks and you'll do well to remember that.

Might be better to do an inside parry with your right side instead.

I see… The right side…

Aren't you glad that you've learned something new again?

Ayaka grins.

Parry with your right hand on the inside, then attack from the left!

I keep my guard up while watching Ayaka carefully, calculating the timing of her left jab.

*smack*

*smack, smack*

The next one!

Come on!

*swish*

Bingo!

*thwack*

I redirect the trajectory of Ayaka's jab inside with my right hand.

?!

Her face tenses up.

Now!

I immediately aim at the left of her completely open face.

*swish*

I graze her!

But the hit doesn't land.

Ayaka turns her face away at the last minute and evades the attack.

Urgh!

Her reflexes are inhuman!

She did that all at such a close distance?!

This is bad.

Now our positions are switched.

She is going to…

*SMACK*

Ah…

It is at that exact moment that Ayaka's right punch connects with my chin.

My head sways, and then…

*smack, smack, SMACK*

She follows up with three more attacks.

Every opening I show is exploited.

She is just too freakin' good…

Am I actually fighting against someone that extraordinary?

She isn't just some random girl, that is for sure.

Dammit…

Are you okay?

Huh?

I turn to see that Serio is right next to me, fanning my face with a plastic board.

Ayaka is crouching down next to her, watching me.

Looks like you're awake.

Urgh…

I push myself up and sit cross-legged on the grass.

Man, I was so sure things would go smoothly today…

Parrying the jab to the inside actually made me panic for a bit, but you put too much strength into the parry and was a split second too late in dishing out your next move on the left.

Ugh…

That was why I could evade it.

Ayaka grins.

Only thing I can aim for now is a cross-counter.

It will have immense momentum for sure.

She is really aggressive, so I can't let my guard down.

I'll show her…

I keep my guard up while watching and waiting for the right time.

My aim is a one-two punch.

Ayaka throws a right punch.

I throw out a punch with my right hand as well in return.

*SMACK*

One, two…

*SMACK*

One, two…

*thwack*

The next one!

Taaake this!

*SMACK*

Huh?

Ayaka's punch lands cleanly on me.

My right arm isn't even stretched out.

I sway, and then…

*smack, smack, SMACK*

She follows up with three more attacks.

M-My counter strategy…

…fails miserably.

I shouldn't have tried to do something like a cross-counter that I have no experience with.

No way that could've worked out.

I overestimated my abilities.

Are you okay?

Huh?

I turn to see that Serio is right next to me, fanning my face with a plastic board.

Ayaka is crouching down next to her, watching me.

Looks like you're awake.

Urgh…

I push myself up and sit cross-legged on the grass.

Man, I was so sure things would go smoothly today…

You were aiming for a counterattack, right?

Yeah…

That was dumb. You wouldn't be fast enough, especially since you had to stop my jab first. That's the sort of thing you can do only after beefing up your defense.

…

I can't argue with her.

But you've improved, I'll give you that.

Ayaka says with a grin.

Well, Serio… What's the verdict?

Lady Ayaka wins.

Yes! Three in a row!

Tch…

I will work on my defense and conserve my energy.

Then, I'll counterattack when I detect Ayaka's fatigue.

That was my strategy, but she forces my guard open anyway…

No amount of strategizing will work against her sheer skill.

Dammit.

And here's our regular lesson for the day!

Thank you, karate master…

So for our third lesson, I'm going to drum some defense into you. The key to your strategy today was a focus on defense, right?

Yeah, but it didn't go as planned.

Because you were overly focused on blocking. There are many other defensive techniques and you have to pick an appropriate one for the situation.

Ayaka gives me some pointers on basic defense techniques.

Defending isn't simply about evasion.

You have to weave it together with your attacks.

That is the first thing to remember.

She shares some concrete techniques.

Blocking is when you stop an attack.

Parrying is when you deflect an attack.

Evading is when you avoid an attack.

There are several sub-categories to evading.

Arching the upper body is known as swaying.

Using footwork is known as stepping.

Shaking the upper body is known as slipping.

Getting down is known as ducking.

Rotating the body to confuse is known as waving.

No need to remember them all at once. Just practice what suits you best on top of these basic techniques.

…

Hm? Something wrong?

Nah, but I was just thinking…

What?

Haven't we gone completely off-course from what this match was supposed to be about?

How so?

I'm starting to wonder if I'm here to challenge you or to take lessons from you.

Why not both?

Both…?

Yes, why not? There's no need to think too deeply about it.

Whatever you say…

I call Ayaka's mobile phone like I always do.

*beep, beep, beep*

Hello?

Hiroyuki here. It's time for our regularly scheduled showdown.

Cool, I'll be right there!

*click*

Good. Today is the day I win.

I head to the river.

Now, how should I attack today?

Just one hit, as I've been repeating to myself.

One hit is all I need to land to win.

The question was: How?

Hmmm…

Feels like it is useless coming up with an elaborate plan.

Maybe I should simply stick to the basics.

Move around with my feet, keep my guard up, and wait for a sure opening.

The very fundamentals.

Right. I will stick to the basics today.

I wait for over ten minutes.

…

Ayaka is late.

She usually shows up at about this time. Did something happen today?

Has she fled because she fears me?

Yeah right. A snowball has a better chance in hell than that.

I decide to wait a while more.

Ten minutes later…

…

Like seriously, what happened?

Something must've held her up.

Like an accident.

Maybe she got hit by a car on her way here and was now on the way to the hospital.

No… Her older sister aside, that couldn't possibly happen to Ayaka considering her reflexes.

I decide to wait a while longer.

Ten more minutes later…

…

Where was she?

She sure was taking her time!

Left with no other choice, I decide to call her mobile phone again.

The moment I make up my mind…

I'm sorry! Real sorry!

Ayaka and Serio show up.

What's going on? Why're you so late?

I got caught by someone really naggy.

Naggy? You mean your butler?

Yes, that stubborn ox. I always have a hard time escaping from under his watch.

Escaping… You escaped again?

Yeah, how else did you think I made it here?

She is completely unapologetic about it.

Oh, yeah!

She takes something out from her bag.

Here.

She gives it to me.

What? Treasure of the forest…?

It is a chocolate snack.

An apology gift for being late.

Oh, in that case…

I seldom eat candy but politely accept the gift anyway.

By the way, today's the last day.

I know that. And today's the day I'm gonna get a hit in.

You really think so?

She giggles.

Well then, shall we begin?

Yeah.

Serio, gloves.

Yes.

We take our gloves from Serio and put them on.

Today's match is our fourth one. Easy victories for me so far, but I'm starting to feel the danger.

What was that? Already making excuses for your eventual defeat?

On the contrary! I'm just saying it's about time I started getting serious too.

…

Hey, wait a minute.

You were just playing with me all this time?

I wouldn't say I was playing. Although, I wasn't exactly serious either. I put in some effort, but I'd also been holding back.

'Some' effort, she says…

But your improvement's been a sight to behold. I can no longer get by with 'some' effort.

You don't say.

Ayaka clenches her fists tightly.

And that's why I'll be quite a force to be reckoned with today.

I grin confidently.

Just the way I want it…

Not really, but still.

Okay then. Serio, you're up.

Yes. Let us begin.

Serio is the referee. She steps forward.

Ready…

…

Go!

*whoosh*

!!

An inside step and right hook right off the bat!

I sway backwards in that instant,

barely managing to evade the attack.

What was that?!

Her offensive style is completely different today.

Is this what I think it is…?

*whoosh*

Her lightning fast jab gives me no time to think further.

*whoosh, whoosh*

Now a two-hit combo!

I step to the right to avoid it.

Good, you've improved!

I've been practicing!

Otherwise, I'd be kissing the ground by now.

I'm still going!

I wish I can tell her not to.

*whoosh*

I evade her jab…

*thwack, thwack*

Block her two-hit combo…

*whoosh* *smack*

And parry her follow-up jab!

I counter with my own two-hit combo.

*thwack, thwack*

Huh?!

I did it!

For the first time ever, my punch connects!

I made her block!

But she quickly moves away after that and keeps her distance.

She is great with footwork.

She has the explosive strength of a close combat expert and the speedy footwork and level-headedness of a long-range combat expert. She has it all.

It feels like she has no flaws I can exploit.

But!

Nobody's perfect!

Maybe she's a Jack of all trades, master of none.

Ayaka is trying to make this a long-range fight by keeping her distance from me.

Now, how should I respond?!

A. Go for close combat.

B. Go for long-range combat.

C. Stay away from ranged and only go for close combat.

To succeed in long-range combat, you need great techniques.

But there is no way my techniques can be better than hers.

So, there is only one thing to do.

Close combat!

I drop into a low stance, using an instep to approach Ayaka.

*shhft*

Caught her!

And her body is wide open!

I have a chance!

I throw a right hook at her torso.

*fwoomph*

Ah.

She steps to the side.

Oh no! She was baiting me?!

*SMACK*

It is at that exact moment that Ayaka's right punch connects with the side of my head.

*smack, smack, SMACK*

A flawless three-hit combo later…

My world is spinning.

Dammit…

She got me good.

Again.

The first part went well, but it felt like I was dancing to her tune after that.

How do you feel?

She asks.

Can you get up?

I can try…

I shake my head while pushing myself up.

Ow…

You fell for my bait.

She chuckles.

Most amateurs can't resist the urge to come closer when there's some distance between us. So, I pulled back to bait you into doing just that.

Including letting your guard down, huh?

Heheh, right. That was on purpose.

Sly fox… I bet you've got a tail under that skirt!

I reach out for her skirt.

Wrong.

She evades my hand easily.

To succeed in long-range combat, you need great techniques.

But there is no way my techniques would be better than hers.

So, there was only one thing to do.

Close combat.

But that is Ayaka's aim.

She is probably trying to bait me into close combat.

And I'm not about to fall for her trap.

I will stick to long-range combat.

Good footwork and judgment are more important.

I need to keep the right distance that will be advantageous to me but inconvenient to her.

The handicap of winning with just one hit for me is precisely because her techniques are so much better than mine.

*smack*

Urgh…

She leads her offensive with a jab.

Thankfully, there is no follow-up attack.

That was close. I let my guard down.

Now for my jab!

*swish*

It hits the air.

Ayaka's jab!

*smack*

It lands.

My jab!

*swish*

It hits the air.

Ayaka's jab!

*smack*

It lands.

Ayaka's jab!

*smack*

Ayaka's jab!

*smack*

Ayaka's jab!

*smack*

I-I do not feel like I can win…

Long-range combat is disadvantageous for me.

No choice but to go for close combat…

Ugh?!

Ayaka takes an inward step during my brief moment of hesitation.

She appears right in front of me.

Crap.

By the time that thought goes through my mind, it is already too late.

*SMACK*

Ayaka hits me directly with a right punch.

I stagger heavily.

And then…

*smack, smack, SMACK*

A flawless three-hit combo later…

My world is spinning.

Dammit…

She gets me good.

Again.

The first part went well, but it felt like I was dancing to her tune after that.

How do you feel?

Ayaka asks.

Can you get up?

I can try…

I shake my head while pushing myself up.

Ow…

You did well not falling for my bait, but long-range combat was your downfall, because it revealed the difference in our skill levels.

She chuckles.

My usual style is to take the advantage at long range, then counterattack in close combat when my opponent rushes in out of desperation.

You make it sound so easy.

To succeed in long-ranged combat, you need great techniques.

But there is no way my techniques can be better than hers.

So, there is only one thing to do.

Close combat.

But that is Ayaka's aim.

She is probably trying to bait me into close combat.

And I'm not about to fall for her trap.

Having said that, trying to fight her at this distance will be my funeral.

I will have to wait for her to come in herself while keeping my defenses up.

*swish*

Ayaka throws out a jab from a distance, but I evade it by stepping back.

Her footwork is leagues better than mine too.

If we were in a boxing ring, she could've closed the distance in an instant, but thankfully, I don't need to worry about that.

Is running away your only game plan?

Maybe.

Attack me, come on.

You'll have to try harder than that to lure me into a disadvantage.

I see.

*sh-shff*

Huh?!

Ayaka takes a step toward me.

In the blink of an eye, she is right in front of me.

This is now a close combat.

Just the way I want it!

*smack*

*smack*

*smack*

*thwack*

*smack*

We both throw quick, intense punches.

But I am clearly being overwhelmed.

She employs a variety of defensive moves. Block, deflect, evade.

I do the same as well but she is clearly better than I am.

Still, all I need is one hit.

Even a simple jab is good enough.

So I hold back from making big moves.

I may be vastly inferior skill-wise, but we are both humans.

Even Ayaka will eventually show an opening during her attacks. I can stop her momentum by blocking.

That is my aim.

To stick to the basics to the end.

*smack*

*smack*

*thwack*

*smack*

*smack*

Ugh.

Not good.

She is overwhelming me.

As the saying goes, offense is the best defense.

I am being thrown off-balance and can't attack.

At some point, my feet stop moving.

And my defense is faltering.

This is very bad.

*SMACK*

It is that exact moment that Ayaka's right punch connects with my face.

And then…

*smack, smack, SMACK*

A flawless three-hit combo later…

My world is spinning.

Dammit…

She got me good.

Again.

I make pretty good progress today, but still lose to her superior techniques.

How do you feel?

Ayaka asks.

Can you get up?

I can try…

I shake my head while pushing myself up.

Ow…

You did well not falling for my bait and not going for long-range combat. You showed good judgment.

She chuckles.

My usual style is to take the advantage at long range, then counterattack in close combat when my opponent rushes in out of desperation.

Sadly, my good judgment landed me nowhere…

All that's left for you to do now is to hone your techniques until you can win.

You make it sound so easy.

Well, Serio… What's the verdict?

Lady Ayaka wins.

Yes! Four in a row!

Arrrgh…

And now for your lesson for the day!

Sure.

Let's talk about combos today. You lost because you didn't have a good combination planned. What I'm going to teach you now is…

She gives me a lesson on basic combo-building.

Combos are a string of attacks that connect together and can be used for both offense and defense.

There is no fixed pattern to follow, but there are definitely effective combinations that have already been perfected.

There are offensive combos…

…and defensive combos.

She teaches me about their usefulness in a simple and understandable way.

Once you have a grasp on the basics, it's time to move on to the combos.

Let's see…

*swiff* *swiff*

I try out a three-hit combo.

Hey, Ayaka.

Yes?

You've got a flair for teaching.

I do?

Yeah. I feel like I've improved by leaps and bounds in just a few days.

Hehe, it's because my disciple's quick on the uptake.

Enemy, not disciple.

Enemy and disciple.

…

I don't know how to feel about that.

I call Ayaka's mobile phone.

*beep, beep, beep*

Hello?

Hiroyuki here. Same place?

Got it.

By the way, today's the last day.

I know that. Today's the day.

Oho? Someone's feeling confident.

Something like that.

I have no reason to feel confident.

…

Thanks for waiting!

No problem. Let's get started.

I take off my jacket and place it on the ground.

Serio, gloves please.

Yes.

Serio takes out the gloves from her bag.

Here.

Thanks.

I take them and put them on.

Ayaka does the same.

Alright, gloves on.

Now, how should I attack today?

There are a few things I want to try.

Either *this* or *that* might be good.

Or maybe something like *that* would work.

…

I catch sight of Ayaka staring at me.

Huh? What is it?

For some reason, you feel unusually intimidating today.

Intimidating? Me?

Yup.

Nothing's changed, though?

No, you're completely different. I can tell from the look on your face.

You're just imagining things. In fact, I'm feeling more relaxed than usual.

I shake my hands.

Anyway, let's get started.

You mean with our match?

Of course. What else are we here for?

Yeah, we're here for a match, but why do you look so happy?

Do I look happy?

Hmm, well, I guess I am.

Ever since I started learning from you, there are more things I want to try. Even during class, I keep thinking about how to attack and stuff like that. Does that count as manifesting?

Don't drift off during class!

She giggles.

Let's do this.

Right on.

Let's start.

Sure.

I get into a fighting stance as well.

Good. Serio, start the match.

Yes.

Serio is the referee. She steps forward.

Ready…

…

…

Go!

*whoosh, whoosh*

*smack, smack*

*smack*

*smack*

We trade blows furiously in close combat.

As we do, I think to myself…

A. I have a feeling I can win today.

B. I've become painfully aware of Ayaka's strength.

C. I've become painfully aware of my own lack of skill.

I just have a feeling I can win today.

I can see Ayaka's attacks clearly.

The attacks that I could barely follow all this time… Now I can see them as part of a sequence.

She would move to a good spot, throw in a feint or two, and then unleash an effective combination.

She is good.

There is no way I can mimic her movements at my current level.

But I can also see her flaws in addition to her strengths.

She tends to play around during combat.

Taking unnecessary risks in her attacks.

But I can't tell if she is provoking the opponent or simply trying to hype herself up.

Whatever the case, it is a bad habit.

And it will be a key to my counterattack.

Now it is just a question of whether I have the technique to back this plan up.

I am feeling surprisingly calm today.

I am painfully aware of Ayaka's strength.

As I gained more knowledge, I was better able to quantify my own abilities and at the same time, understand her prowess,

the speed of her attacks and the dexterity of her footwork.

She would move to a good spot, throw in a feint or two, and then unleash an effective combination.

She is good.

There is no way I can mimic her movements at my current level.

The more I try to get closer, the farther away she feels.

But that is just fine.

The goal is for an amateur like me to get a point off an expert like her.

That's what makes this challenge meaningful.

Having a sky-high goal will give me more motivation.

I am feeling surprisingly calm today.

I have a good grasp on how the match will flow.

The more knowledge I gain, the more each movement starts to make sense.

For that reason, I can't help but be more aware than ever of my own lack of skill.

The attacks that I could barely follow all this time… Now I can see them as part of a sequence.

She would move to a good spot, throw in a feint or two, and then unleash an effective combination.

She is good.

There is no way I can mimic her movements at my current level.

And yet, slowly but surely, I am getting closer to Ayaka's level.

I am glad about that.

She'd better be ready.

I've been getting stronger and stronger with every challenge.

In the end, I lose.

Knocked out cold again.

But…

I am in a good mood.

The residual heat on the cheek that got punched feels so good in the cool breeze.

Yeah… This is what sports are really about.

And wow, the grass smells nice…

Earth to Hiroyuki… You still alive?

Ayaka asks.

I'm already dead…

Hehe… What do you see on the other side?

An obnoxious little devil.

I sit up.

Nah, you're wrong. That was the purest and loveliest angel of all<rep rep_heart>

She says, giggling.

Are you okay?

Serio comes over and puts a cold towel on my cheek.

What's this?

A cold compress that I brought along like Lady Ayaka told me to.

I look at Ayaka.

Feels good, doesn't it?

She grins.

…

While I am happy she thought about me, this also means she knew I would lose. I have mixed feelings about that.

Okay, Serio… What's the verdict for today?

Lady Ayaka wins.

And that makes it five in a row!!

Whatever…

And here's our lesson for the day!

Okay, thanks.

I'm going to teach you a winning strategy.

Winning strategy, you say?

Like I mentioned before, good physical strength and technique are necessary in martial arts, but having a sharp mind and winning strategy are equally important.

Yeah, I get that.

To be more precise…

That day, she teaches me all about basic strategies.

Hey.

Hm?

Have you grown lately?

You mean taller?

No, on the whole.

No idea… I've been working out, so maybe?

It's not the kind of growth training gives…

Then what? I can't possibly be having a growth spurt.

Hmm…

Hm?

It's like you've grown…as a person?

As a person? Well, that's entirely possible.

I nod.

I do, after all, have the makings of a great man.

Uh-oh, I think you just shrank a little with that statement.

As if anyone can grow and shrink at will like that.

I call Ayaka's mobile phone like I always do.

*beep, beep, beep*

Hello?

Hey, it's me.

Cool, what's up?

Called to schedule our match for today, of course.

You're on.

See you at the usual spot.

Got it.

By the way, today's the last day. How confident are you?

A little.

What does that mean?

I intend to win.

That still doesn't really answer my question.

No point just saying it, right? See for yourself during the match.

That's true.

See you. Don't be late.

Yeah, yeah. Be there soon.

*click*

She hangs up.

Alright.

I clench my fists and look up at the empty sky.

Good.

There is nothing clouding my mind either.

I head over to the location of the showdown.

Thanks for waiting!

Hey.

Hello, Hiroyuki.

Hey, Serio. How's it going?

Serio bows politely when I address her.

It sort of feels like Serio had more of a prim and proper upbringing than Ayaka..

Okay, shall we begin?

Yeah.

Serio, gloves.

Yes.

I take off my jacket and place it on the ground. Then, I start doing some light warm-up exercises.

Then I put on the gloves that Serio hands over to me.

Ready?

Yup.

I nod while shaking my hands and feet.

Today's your last chance. You won't be getting any more.

Right.

Remember our deal that the loser has to do something for the winner?

Sure do.

Hmm, what should I ask you to do after I win, I wonder?

She says, speaking with a cheeky grin.

…

Is she trying to provoke me?

Well? It's not as easy as you thought to land a clean hit on an experienced fighter, huh?

I guess.

Weren't you the one bragging at first about how a single hit'll be a cinch?

I did say something like that.

What happened to the cinch, hm?

You were way stronger than I thought, that's all.

Aww, I was hoping you'd keep arguing.

I've decided to play it cool today.

Cool?

Yeah. When I'm too focused on the outcome of the match, I can't seem to move as well as I hope.

Wow, someone's enlightened.

Thanks to you.

But I have to say, Hiroyuki, that you've become much stronger than your first match.

Really?

Yeah. Even I'm surprised by how quickly you've improved. You definitely would've landed a hit on any other opponent by now.

What, you're switching to flattery now?

I meant every word. You're talented. And if I'm saying it, you know it's true.

Yeah, I still don't know if I agree.

You'd get it if you could compare yourself with someone who started at around the same time.

I see. Apparently, I am talented.

I was only half playing around at the start, but things have become quite interesting for me lately. We're at the point where I'm not quite sure if I can get away completely unscathed right now.

Yeah?

Maybe she is actually quaking in her boots?

But I'm the type who's driven to become stronger the more pressured I feel.

…

That doesn't sound good.

No, wait. This may be part of her psychological warfare.

Well, let's put that aside for now and get started.

Right. Serio.

Yes.

Serio steps forward as the referee at Ayaka's call.

We can begin now.

She assumes a fighting stance, and I do the same.

All right, I'm Ready…

…

…

This is it, our last fight.

I will attack her head-on to make this fight open and aboveboard.

Go!

*sh-shff*

Ayaka steps in front.

She wants to get up close and personal.

I decide to take her on without trying to distance myself!

*whoosh, whoosh*

*smack, smack*

*smack*

*smack*

The moment the match starts, we begin trading blows furiously in close combat.

Her jabs are lightning fast.

*thwack*

Followed by a two-hit combo!

*smack, smack*

I turn to the right to avoid it.

Then, I throw in a counter.

Jab on the left!

*whoosh*

She dodges!

Now a two-hit combo!

*smack, smack*

She blocks the combo carefully without dodging.

She has to stop moving, and that is my chance!

I step closer and unleash a left hook!

*whoosh* *smack*

Ugh.

She parries it on the right.

And immediately counters!

Two-hit combo!

*smack, smack*

Gugh!

She hits me in the head.

My vision blurs slightly.

She continues attacking!

I duck on reflex.

I drop to my knees and evade her straight punch from below.

She has an opening now!

Counterattack time!

I launch a left hook to her body.

*thud*

And then a right uppercut to the body as well!

*whoosh* *smack*

Ugh!

Ayaka blocks on the left and quickly dishes out a right uppercut!

*thud*

Urgh!

Th-That lands…

A direct hit…

Should I withdraw?!

No, I shouldn't!

My game plan for today is to keep moving forward!

I propel myself forward, lunging without retreating.

Ayaka is ready for me.

We clash head-on.

*SMACK*

I am lying on the grass.

The cheek that had been hit is still throbbing.

It is probably red too.

I've lost.

Completely.

None of my punches landed on Ayaka.

She is strong.

Like seriously.

I can't even graze her after going all out.

I know I have better reflexes than most people, and I am kinda strong too.

And I've learned a lot of new techniques over the course of this week as well.

I'm not a terrible fighter by any means.

Yet I just can't hold a candle to her.

Man, that gap between amateur and expert is so wide.

Or is it just a difference between our aptitude for martial arts?

Maybe both.

Whatever it is, I'm not upset.

I actually feel pretty happy even though I'd lost.

It is probably because I am reveling in Ayaka's strength.

You don't meet girls like her every day.

And I truly think she is amazing.

Are you okay?

Serio comes close to me and puts a cold towel on my cheek.

Yeah, thanks…

The cold towel absorbs the stinging heat from my skin.

It feels great.

You sure? You should lie down for a bit.

This is nothing…

I shake my head while sitting up.

Honestly, I am still a little dizzy.

Sorry, I got a little too into the fight.

Nah, I'd rather you do this than hold back. Although, I really wasn't expecting to be taken down so easily.

I put my hands on the ground and look up at the sky.

That shows how much stronger you've become.

Huh?

People have always said that offense is the best defense, right? And because you've gotten that much stronger, I was forced to go on the offensive to defend myself.

…

I should've pretended to be weak.

Anyway, what's your decision, Serio?

Lady Ayaka wins.

Yes!

Ah well…

Since today's the last day of the deal, that means…

Fine, fine, you win.

Exactly<rep rep_heart>

Ayaka beams with joy.

And you remember what the deal was, right?

What deal?

Stop playing dumb! The loser has to do something for the winner… Anything the winner asks for.

Right…

That is indeed the deal.

So you're gonna have to do something for me<rep rep_heart>

Tch.

A deal is a deal.

Now, I wonder what I should ask for…

She looks at me with a cheeky grin.

Nothing too expensive, okay? I'm not exactly the richest person in the world.

Okay, then how about this?

What?

Another…

No! No asking for another 100 wishes or something!

…

That's a suspiciously long pause.

I must've hit the nail on the head.

After a long list of unattainable requests, I agree to buy a burger for her at a fast food restaurant.

That is within my budget at least.

Compared to Shiho's mooching, this is nothing.

By the way, Ayaka.

Yes?

I know I just lost, but how about we compete again sometime, but over something different?

Something different?

Yeah.

Fine by me, but what? Something you're good at this time?

Are you sure? Then…

…

…

Then, what?

…

Wait…do I have anything I am good at?

That may not exist…

Uh-oh.

Am I actually an incompetent human?

What're we competing on?

Ra… 

What?

Ramen…

Ramen?

Ramen speed-eating!

Oh, you are so on.

What?!

Ayaka agrees without any protest.

W-Was it just me, or does she seem strangely confident?

Is speed-eating one of her strengths too?

W-Wait. Let me change that to large-sized ramen speed-eating.

Okay, got it.

And…just like that.

H-Hang on! I'll add 'super spicy' to that. So it's a large-sized super spicy ramen speed-eating contest!

Sounds good.

Urgh…

Large-sized super spicy ramen speed-eating contest, right?

Y-Yeah.

I accept that challenge. When are we holding it?

L-Let me think…

I feel like I have just doomed myself irreversibly.

Am I even good at eating large-sized super spicy ramen in the first place?

Decide while I'm having my burger, okay? I've been getting hungry around this time lately because of all the exercising.

Hey, that may indicate you're getting fat. You should restrain yourself.

I'll be fine. My body doesn't get fat. It just doesn't happen<rep rep_heart>

If you say so.

Hehe.

Ayaka smiles.

Dammit.

I propel myself forward, lunging without retreating.

*sh-shff*

Inward step!

Ayaka responds with a counterstrike at just the right moment!

*whoosh*

A lightning-fast left punch!

And then…

*smack*

?!

I block it with my right hand.

I just got the opportunity of a lifetime!

Left short hook!

To the body!

*bssst*

Right short upper!

To the body!

*bssst*

This is it!

I can win!

I throw a right uppercut at her body!

This will finish it!

*swff*

?!

My uppercut strikes thin air.

She dodged it?!

Ayaka had stepped to the right!

Urgh!

I am wide open for a split second.

And Ayaka doesn't let that opportunity go!

*thwack, thwack*

Her double uppers from the left and right hits me hard!

Agh…!

I instinctively recoil.

My body…

I have to guard…

I quickly lower my left arm and try to use it to guard. Just then…

*SMAAA… …AAAASH*

My unguarded head receives the brunt of Ayaka's heavy left hook.

Everything is spinning.

I watch as I start falling to the ground, like the camera dropping to the floor in TV dramas.

But!

I'm not about to simply hit the ground!

I brace my knees and stand firm.

But then…

*SMAAA… …AAAACK*

Ayaka thrusts an explosive right upper directly into my chin.

The sky…

The clouds…

Stretching out before my very eyes…

I feel like I am floating.

Like I am about to soar into the heavens…

Aw, man…

Dammit all…

I really thought I was close to victory.

Are you okay?

Serio comes close to me and puts a cold towel on my cheek.

Yeah, thanks…

The cold towel absorbs the stinging heat from my skin.

It feels great.

You sure? You should lie down for a bit.

This is nothing…

I shake my head while sitting up.

Honestly, I am still a little dizzy.

Sorry, I should've stopped halfway through the attack, but I got too caught up in the moment…

Nah, I'd rather you do this than hold back.

I put my hands on the ground and look up at the sky.

Man, I was just one step away. If only I hadn't thrown out that upper back then…

You made the right call, though. That's the usual move for a situation like that.

But you evaded it.

Tough luck for you that I was the opponent. Anyone else would've been hit.

But the whole point was to beat you.

Hm? Didn't someone just say he wasn't going to fixate on winning today?

That was just to calm my nerves before the match. Of course I still wanted to win.

Yeah, that makes sense.

She giggles.

Anyway, a loss is a loss.

I just can't win, huh…

What do you mean? You did win.

What?

You managed to land two blows, didn't you? All you had to do was land one.

Oh, right.

One hit is all I needed to win.

I forgot about that.

She took me down so cleanly I thought I'd lost.

I see… Wait. That means I actually won halfway through the match?

Yes.

Those four hits that knocked me out in the end were completely unnecessary…

I already apologized for that.

That's what you were apologizing for?!

It was your fault for not stopping once you'd won.

Ugh…

Although, I was honestly hoping we could duke it out to the end.

Oh man…

I got hit for nothing.

But wow… I won, huh?

I landed a blow without even realizing what I'd done.

It still feels pretty surreal, but I won and that is that.

So the deal was that the loser had to do something for the winner, right?

I say with a grin.

I won't try to argue about that. What do you want me to do?

Hmm… In that case…

I…

A. Want you to do another 100 things for me!

B. Want you to be my underling forever!

In that case, I want…

You're not allowed to ask for another 100 wishes!

…

She saw that coming, huh.

Clever girl.

Or maybe it's something anyone would ask for?

I want you to be my underling forever!

No.

She brutally cuts that down.

The loser's supposed to do anything for the winner!

Within reason.

We didn't talk about reason.

Fine then.

Oh, now we're talking.

I'll rebel against you immediately.

Not allowed.

The deal was for one thing.

Urgh.

Let's go with that, then.

I've changed my mind.

Well, what do you want?

Hmmm…

I can see smoke rising from your head.

My mind is working overtime.

Five more seconds.

What?

Four.

Hey.

Three, two, one…

Wait, wait, wait! Why the sudden countdown?

Because the more time you have to think about it, the more stupid your request will become.

Now, look here…

I protest, although inside, I know she is right.

Fine, fine. I just want to rest my head in your lap again like that other time.

That's all?

It's the only thing I could come up with on such short notice.

Well that's no sweat at all.

Yes! Victory lap pillow!

Whatever you say…

I stretch long and hard as I lay on Ayaka's lap.

*sigh* A cool breeze, the smell of fresh leaves, and the lap of a lady. Romantic, isn't it?

You've got a ridiculous view of romance.

She smiles in exasperation.

I just feel good. I earned this lap pillow after a week of hard work. This must be what it means to lose the battle but win the war!

I don't think that's how the idiom was meant to be used.

I'm sure it's not too far off from the mark.

I let out a long breath of satisfaction.

The white clouds float by.

Seems like the wind is blowing quite strongly up there..

That's right.

Serio has already left, saying something about catching the bus on time.

She is pretty considerate for a robot.

I can hear the distant voices of children playing by the riverbed.

It all feels so peaceful.

Some time later…

Hiroyuki.

Ayaka calls me as she looks me in the eye.

What is it?

Let's compete on something else another day.

She puts a hand on each side of my face.

You bet! I'm in! And I won't lose the next one either!

I'll be giving the next one my all as well, so we'll see about that.

Why do you say that like you haven't been giving it your all this whole time?

To be honest, I was holding back a little. I mean, you are a complete newbie, after all.

Tch…

But you won fair and square. Also, I was fighting relatively seriously towards the end.

Relatively seriously, she says…

Hehehe.

She giggles with half-closed eyes.

Her long hair swaying in the breeze.

The strands seem to glitter under the rays of the sun.

Hmmm…

She is so beautiful.

It is almost like we aren't the same species.

I guess she would've been an aristocrat or princess if she'd been born in a different era.

A commoner like me laying in her lap like this is nothing short of opulence.

So, I might as well enjoy it to the fullest.

As that thought goes through my mind…

Hey.

Ayaka's voice gets lower than usual.

Hrm?

This whole thing about you challenging me to a match… Were you trying to cheer me up?

What do you mean? Why ask that all of a sudden.

I just wanted to know for sure.

She stares hard at me.

You went through all that trouble to do something similar to what happened back then, knowing I'm still hung up on beating the guy I liked, didn't you?

…

Wow, she figured it out.

No point hiding it from her then.

Yeah, maybe.

I say.

You said you felt like you did him wrong that time or something, right? I don't think that's true.

Really?

Everyone has a different reaction to defeat.

Some guys sulk like he did, while others keep training until they win. I'm the latter type, as you know.

Although I suffered at first, I improved by leaps and bounds halfway through, right?

Yeah.

And that's all there is to it. So you don't have to let him live rent-free in your head anymore.

…

Ayaka keeps staring at me for a while.

Okay.

She nods eventually.

Basically, you put your body on the line to prove all that to me, right?

Umm…

Right?

Maybe.

Hehe. Thanks.

She flashes me a big smile.

You're a great guy, Hiroyuki.

Are you just realizing that now? I've always been a great guy.

Ayaka giggles.

The sunlight from above is blinding.

Just as I exhale and close my eyes…

Whew…

A shadow darkens my vision.

*smooch*

Something warm and soft lands on my lips.

What the…?

I open my eyes to see Ayaka's smiling face up-close.

Her hair swaying in the breeze.

Wait.

What?

Did she just…

Kiss me?

My fingers unconsciously touch my lips.

Ayaka, did you…

It's getting windy out here. Let's head back!

…

…

…

…

Yeah…

Should we stop by somewhere on our way home? My treat.

What, really? Count me in.

Where do you want to go?

Well, if you don't mind…

It is morning.

Upon entering the classroom, I saw the boys had gathered together and were excited about something.

Hey, what's with the commotion so early in the morning?

Morning, Hiroyuki.

What's everyone doing?

They are all hyped up about a magazine.

We were reading Kakimoto's Martial Arts Spirit.

What's that?

A book about martial arts. There's a Terajo girl featured in it.

What?

Ayaka Kurusugawa. Don't you know her?

Huh?

Ayaka Kurusugawa?

The girls' champion for last year's Extreme championship. She's awesome! Everyone calls her the Queen of Martial Arts. That's how strong she is.

Huh? Ayaka?

I grab the copy of Martial Arts Spirit from the table to take a look.

When I open it, I am greeted with a photograph of a long-haired girl doing a flashy kick.

…

Th-That's her all right.

That's Ayaka.

Ain't she a fine one?

Kakimoto gushes giddily.

She's been promoted to idol status now, but I was the one who discovered her while she was doing karate, all right?

He seems proud of that fact.

Apparently, she's the younger sister of the Kurusugawa who's a senior here.

O-Oh, really…

I pretend not to know.

Must be nice to be so close to someone famous!

I mean, we're not really close…

Oh, right.

Masashi and Kakimoto laugh.

Ayaka's famous?

Seriously?

I can't believe my ears.

I don't get that feeling from her at all when we are together.

But that is definitely a photo of her.

Hmmm…

Heeey!

Hey…

Ayaka approaches me with a smile.

Sorry, sorry. Were you waiting long?

Not really.

That's good.

…

What're you staring at? Is there something on my face?

Err, no, not really.

Okay?

This girl, huh?

Famous, huh?

So that would mean…

She's an heiress, was raised overseas, is a martial arts champion, and also an idol to boot?

That's a lot of things to be at once.

…

What?

You're being strange today, Hiroyuki.

Huh? Wh-What makes you say that?

What are you thinking about?

Nothing much…

…

What is it?

It feels like you're looking at me differently.

O-Of course not!

This girl is sharp.

I'm not sure I believe that…

Crap.

I guess I am letting the martial arts magazine thing distract me.

Anyway, we should get going. We're supposed to hang out until tonight, right?

Yep. And it's your turn to treat today<rep rep_heart>

Yeah, yeah…

So, where should we go?

Then, once the sun set completely…

Sorry for the wait!

Here it comes!

Ayaka beams as she pulls the bowl of ramen decked with toppings towards her.

We’re at a standing ramen shop along the road.

It’s always full of office workers coming back from work, even at night.

Ayaka stands out among the crowd in her school uniform.

What's wrong? You're not eating?

She asks me while splitting her disposable chopsticks apart.

Of course I am.

I take a bottle of black pepper and sprinkle some on my ramen.

Pepper on your ramen?

It's how I roll.

Then I'll do that too<rep rep_heart>

Ayaka sprinkles some pepper over her ramen, just like I did.

The ramen gets spicy if you add too much.

What? Oh, right.

We blow on our steaming hot ramen, and then…

*slurrrrp*

So, you sure you're fine with something like this?

Something like what?

You're an heiress, aren't you? A bowl of ramen like this can't possibly satisfy you, right?

That's not true, I think ramen's great!

But…

Yes, but everyone in class says good things about this place.

I mean, I totally agree with that.

Besides, I've always wanted to try doing something like this.

She slurps up the broth as well.

You're a strange kind of heiress, all right.

Really?

But that's what makes you Ayaka.

Haha, you may be right.

She leans down for some more ramen.

*slurp*

*slurrrp*

I was wondering…

About?

You've been on my mind recently.

What?

Like when I'm in the middle of a class, I start wondering what you could be doing right now.

Oh, you too?

Me too?

Yeah, it's the same for me. I find myself thinking about you from time to time. I wonder why.

…

…

…

…

We both know the answer without having to say it out loud.

Because we both feel the same way.

We are pretty much on the same wavelength, after all.

Hey, you left your pork chashu behind! I'll take that<rep rep_heart>

Hey, wait! That's-

*munch* Oops, I already ate it<rep rep_heart>

Come on, man…

All right, all right, you can have my bamboo shoots.

That's not a fair exchange at all!

Oh, stop fussing, you crybaby.

I wasn't crying!

This girl…

But…

I suddenly burst out laughing.

I swear, when I look at you, I'm always thinking…

Thinking what?

What a strange girl you are for someone so rich.

Then, Ayaka replies.

I get that a lot!

She has a wide grin on her face.

After taking a bath, I hop into bed and relax.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

I hear the phone ringing downstairs.

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*riiiiiiiiiing*

*tmp, tmp, tmp*

Man, this is such a pain.

Why can't I have a phone in my room?

*click*

Hello, this is Fujita.

Hello, Hiroyuki?

Who's this?

It's me, Ayaka.

Oh, Ayaka. How'd you get my house phone?

Hey, who do you think I am?

Good point. Never mind. Well, what's the matter then?

Do you know what day it is today?

Today?

Yeah.

No idea.

How can you say that? Today's the last day of our showdown, remember?

Oh, now that you mention it.

I'd completely forgotten.

Sadly, you've missed the deadline, which means I win by default!

Urgh… Yeah, if you say so.

And you remember what the deal was, right?

What deal?

Stop playing dumb! The loser has to do something for the winner… Anything the winner asks for.

Right…

That is indeed the deal.

So you're gonna have to do something for me!

Tch.

A deal is a deal.

Now, I wonder what I should ask for…

Nothing too expensive, okay? I'm not exactly the richest person in the world.

In the end, I agree to buy a burger for her at a fast food restaurant.

That is within my budget at least.

Compared to Shiho's mooching, this is nothing.

We'll do that, then.

Got it.

See you!

*click*

I hang up the phone.

Dammit…

How could I have forgotten something so important?

I really messed up.

Break time rolls around.

I bump into Kurusugawa in the hallway.

Hey, Kurusugawa.

…

Where are you heading? Changing classrooms?

She nods.

Hey, can I ask you something?

…

She is happy to talk to me.

It's about your sister, Ayaka.

…

Yeah. She mentioned she did karate before. How strong is she?

Very strong, says Kurusugawa.

It is a simple and clear answer.

I wonder why, though? She's not at a regular high school level.

…

What? She trains at home every night? We talking about Ayaka?

Kurusugawa nods.

How long? Huh? Around two hours?

For real?

It depends on what sort of physical activity it is, but 30 minutes is just about my maximum.

I see… I thought I was starting to catch up to her, but it looks like she's actually getting farther and farther away.

I should learn from her and train harder as well.

By the way, does Ayaka have any weaknesses?

…

Yeah, like are there any moves she's weak against? You should know, right? You're her sister.

…

What? She hates snakes?

She nods.

Snakes, you say…

However, that information has nothing to do with our showdown.

Actually, wait…

Isn't there something known as a snake fist?

I guess that isn't exactly relevant either…

It is break time.

I bump into Aoi in the hall.

Fujita.

Hey, Aoi.

Hello.

This is perfect. There's something I wanted to ask you about.

Alright, what is it?

It's about gloved combat…

Gloved…?

Yeah. Do you know of any way to get stronger really quickly?

To get stronger?

Yup.

Why the sudden interest?

Err, just because…

I laugh and try to avoid the question.

Well, if speed is of the essence, going for boxing practice is the best way to achieve it.

No, there's no time to practice, so I need to get stronger faster than that.

You can't just get stronger overnight…

Okay, how about…are there pointers an amateur should look out for?

Pointers? Hmm…

The more specific, the better.

First of all, you must maintain a basic fighting stance. Then, observe your opponent very carefully. And do not make any impulsive moves. That is all.

Basic fighting stance… Observe your opponent… No impulsive moves.

I repeat those points out loud to myself.

Also, rather than try to learn complicated moves, focus on one move and thoroughly master it. That will become your lifeline in combat.

I see.

Focus on one move and thoroughly master it…

Amateurs tend to focus on straight punches, but a left short hook is actually much more effective during actual combat.

Left short hook, you say?

Make a key-shape with your arm like this.

Like this?

Yes. Then shift it, like you're trying to read the time on a wristwatch.

I spend the whole break learning how to throw a left hook from Aoi.

I am on my way back to class from the toilet after finishing my lunch.

I am lost in my thoughts, thinking about how to handle Ayaka's moves.

Hrrrm…

How can I win against Ayaka in our showdown?

I talked big and challenged her to a fight, but I don't think I can win at all.

The condition is simply to land one hit, but it isn't going to be as easy as I thought.

She is so much stronger that fighting me is likely child's play to her.

What are my options?

Yuki.

I turn around at the voice and see Akari.

What're you doing?

Just thinking about something.

Hey, I'm going to the library to borrow some books. Wanna join me if you're free?

The library? Again?

I am about to wave my hand and say no, but then a thought occurs to me.

The library?

Maybe I can find some boxing-related info there.

Sure, I'll go too. Come on.

Okay.

I push Akari's shoulder.

And that is how I end up in the library.

They do have sports books here.

Martial arts… Judo, karate, boxing.

There we go.

I pick up a book and flip through it.

Let's see… Useful techniques for combat…

Wow, this is good info.

I should borrow this.

Find anything good?

Yeah. All because of your invitation, so thank you.

Huh?

Alright!

With this, I am now one step closer to Ayaka.

She better be ready!

Please select your destination

Return Home

School - 1st Floor

School - 2nd Floor

School - 3rd Floor

School Gate

Mountain

Park

Riverbank

Shopping Arcade

Station - Front

Home

Hiroyuki Fujita

Akari Kamigishi

Shiho Nagaoka

Multi

Tomoko Hoshina

Serika Kurusugawa

Lemmy Miyauchi

Aoi Matsubara

Kotone Himekawa

Rio Hinayama

Ayaka Kurusugawa

Serio

Masashi Sato

Yoshie Sakashita

Sebastian

Gengoro Nagase

Hikari Kamigishi

George Miyauchi

Ayame Miyauchi

Cindy Miyauchi

Michael Miyauchi

Ryota Hinayama

Okada

Matsumoto

Yoshii

Yajima

Mineko Karashima

Tomoko's Father

Takamitsu

Yamaoka

Kibayashi

Senior A

Senior B

Classmate

Male Classmate B

Classmate A

Classmate B

Female Student A

Female Student B

Female Student C

Female Student D

Ayaka's Friend A

Ayaka's Friend B

Ayaka's Friend C

Female Student

Morimoto

Classmate A

Classmate B

Classmate C

Supplementary Class Teacher

Clerk

Unfamiliar Student

Kakimoto

Suzuki

Takamitsu

Shiho Nagaoka (Adult)

Girl

Girl

Black Cat

Shiba Inu

Julie

Gentaro

Iguana

Puppy

Tasuke

Cat

Archery Club Senior 1

Archery Club Senior 2

Girl

Older Woman

Shop Clerk

Announcement

Male Student

Elevator Repairman

Female Student A

Female Student B

Nekopuri

Judo Club Member A

Judo Club Member B

Cherry Tree Old Man

Ramen Shop Owner

Class Rep

Pork Katsu Restaurant Owner

Radio

Female Student A

Female Student B

Child

<color FB9BBB>A</color>kari&<color FFDD3E>S</color>hiho

Hiroyuki&<color FFDD3E>S</color>hiho

Okada/Matsumoto/Yoshii

???

Hiroyuki&<color FB9BBB>A</color>kari

Ryota

Teacher

<color FB9BBB>A</color>kari Kamigishi

<color FFDD3E>S</color>hiho Nagaoka

<color 86E5B5>M</color>ulti

<color E8B6A6>T</color>omoko Hoshina

<color C591FF>S</color>erika Kurusugawa

<color F9FF61>L</color>emmy Miyauchi

<color 8D9FFF>A</color>oi Matsubara

<color B3F4FF>K</color>otone Himekawa

<color CCB4D4>R</color>io Hinayama

<color C591FF>A</color>yaka Kurusugawa

<color FFAC72>S</color>erio

<color FFC149>M</color>asashi Sato

School - 1st Floor

School - 2nd Floor

School - 3rd Floor

School Gate

School Gate

School Gate

School Gate

Shopping Arcade

Station - Front

That afternoon, I wander around the station area.

After walking for a while…

I try to walk past the woman in front of me and accidentally bump her shoulder.

Oh.

Sorry about that.

Oh, it's fine!

She didn't seem to mind it. The woman keeps walking.

Hm? Wait a sec…

Her voice sounds familiar.

Wait…

Something's sitting on the ground at my feet.

It's a card holder.

I pick it up and look inside to find a train pass.

The name on the card was Mineko Karashima.

Mineko Karashima?

That's the same name as the host of a radio show I listen to all the time.

Could it be her?!

Seriously?

At any rate, I decide to return it to her and ask.

I follow behind her and announce myself.

Excuse me?

Yes?

Um, is this yours?

I show her the card holder.

Oh! Yes, it is! What? When did I drop that?!

Probably when I bumped into you.

Oh, maybe. Thanks.

Her voice is exactly the same as on the radio.

It has to be her.

Um, are you Mine?

What?

She looks shocked.

Oh crap.

Do I have the wrong person?

But a moment later…

Oh, yes. That's me…

She responds like she's wondering who I am.

Whoa, seriously?

Err…

Oh, I'm just a fan. I love your show.

Really? Thank you.

Uh, can I have an autograph?

Okay, sure.

Yay! In that case…

I take a notebook and pen out of my bag and hand them to Mine.

Write it on the cover as big as possible.

But aren't you using this for school?

It's fine, go for it.

Really? Alright then…

She takes the pen and signs her name.

Oh, she has excellent handwriting.

She must do this a lot.

I guess your signature is something that improves with practice.

Here you are.

Awesome! Thank you.

This is the first time I've met a listener like this. Did you know who I was right away?

No, I just saw your name on the card and noticed you sound like her.

I just act like myself on the radio.

So you're that goofy in real life?

What? I'm not that goofy.

You so are.

You think so? Hehe.

With a conflicted smile, Mine put the card carrier in her bag.

I'm actually recording a show today!

Is the studio in this neighborhood?!

No, nowhere near it.

Then why are you here?

What a mystery.

Um, can I ask for one more thing?

What?

Can I have a handshake?

Oh, yes, that's fine.

I shake Mine's hand.

Good luck with the show.

Thank you, I hope you give it a listen. See you later.

Bye.

Mine waves goodbye and leaves.

Wow, I met a celebrity.

And I got her to sign my notebook too.

Alright.

I'm bragging about this to everyone tomorrow.

Game

Text

Sound

System

Save

Load

Hide UI Display

Settings

Decision Support/Route Guide

Return to Game

Return to Title Screen

Return to Memories

Save your current game

Load save data

Hides text boxes and other displays

Configure game settings

Show hint function details

Resume your current game

Suspend your game and return to the Title Screen

Returning to Memories

Returning to the Title Screen. Any unsaved data will be lost. Do you wish to proceed?

This will restore the game's default settings. Are you sure?

Route Guide

Decision Support

Camera Horizontal Controls

Camera Vertical Controls

Toggle the heroine Route Guide ON/OFF

Toggle the heroine Decision Support Guide ON/OFF

Adjust the horizontal controls for the in-game camera

Adjust the vertical controls for the in-game camera

Modern

Legacy

Custom

ON

OFF

Standard

Inverted

Text Mode

Text Display Position

Text Display Speed

Auto-mode Speed

Skip Text

Timing of Audio Cut-off

Text UI Display

Switch between text boxes or novel-style for in-game text

Configure how the text is displayed when in text-box mode

Adjust the display speed of text

Adjust the time between text boxes on auto-mode

Configure what text can be skipped

Configure when text audio can be stopped

Turn UI display in the text box ON/OFF.

Text box

Novel

Display from left

Display from center

None

Only seen text

All

When the next audio clip starts

When text is rolling out

Master Volume

BGM Volume

Ambient Volume

SFX Volume

Voice Volume (All)

Enable Voice (All)

Configure overall in-game volume

Configure BGM volume

Configure ambient sound volume

Configure SFX volume

Configure all voice volume

Configure all voice variations

Other - Male

Other - Female

Enable Voice

Voice Volume

Display Language

Screen Mode

Text Box Size

Cursor Display Time

Idle Behavior

Menu Box Display

Graphics Quality

Change the display language

Configure display settings

Configure screen size and text box resolution

Adjust how long until the cursor display disappears when idle

Configure how the game behaves when idle

Configure the menu box display settings

Configure the graphics quality

日本語

English

<rep cn_font02_1>体中文

繁體中文

Fullscreen

Windowed

1024x576

1280x720

1920x1080

2560x1440

3840x2160

5 seconds

10 seconds

Always display

When active

When inactive

When moused over

Always

Graphics Mode

Performance Mode

Ultra-light Mode

Route Guide Setting:

Select a save slot

Select a save to load

Do you want to save your data here?

Do you want to load this save?

Game saved.

Save loaded.

Save could not be created. There may not be enough space for a new save.

Save could not be loaded as the file is corrupt.

To load this save data, downloadable content is required.

To load this save data, downloadable content is required.

NO DATA

AUTO

NEW

Route Guide: 

Route Guide: Off

Mon.

Tue.

Wed.

Thu.

Fri.

Sat.

Sun.

Morning

Morning

1st Period

1st Period Break

2nd Period

2nd Period Break

3rd Period

3rd Period Break

4th Period

Lunch Break

5th Period

5th Period Break

6th Period

After School

After School

Evening

Night

Night

Midday

Ending

Well, I've got nothing to do at home.

Maybe, I'll go out.

Hey, Hiroyuki.

Hey.

I don't usually run into him around this time.

But he does live in the neighborhood, so it's not that odd.

You don't have practice today?

Not until this afternoon.

Oh, gotcha. But still, you're out early.

I needed to go to the pet shop.

What are you buying?

Mr. Chew.

What?

It's a snack for hamsters to chew on. It helps wear down their front teeth.

Oh right, he has hamsters and other little rodents.

How are they supposed to eat if you wear down their teeth?

Well, when hamster teeth grow too long, it can stress them out and make them sick.

Huh.

Mr. Chew also has ingredients that are good for their digestion, so giving them some can't hurt. Plus, they like it.

I see. Mr. Chew is kind of a basic name though.

The most simple and obvious names are the most memorable.

I guess Front Teeth-Cutting Candy (Contains Digestive Medicine) wouldn't roll off the tongue so well.

The shop looks small from the outside, but it's actually pretty big.

It has all kinds of animals.

It's like a little zoo.

Oh, this thing's neat.

A long, skinny animal with dark brown fur was bobbing its head around.

That's a prairie dog.

Aren't they from American prairies?

Yep.

Do you own one?

No, they're surprisingly hard to take care of. See that board at the bottom of its case?

Yeah.

There's a flat object with a cord. It sort of looks like a bathroom scale.

That's a heater. It has to be kept to a specific temperature.

So they can only live in houses with central air and heat? What a high-maintenance animal.

They might be high-maintenance, but I feel like that just makes them cuter.

I prefer the low effort animals.

Like turtles?

They're not cute.

Hahaha. Oh, I need to buy some Mr. Chew.

Masashi picks up twenty whole bags of Mr. Chew and heads to the register.

He's paying 10,000 yen for all that.

What a rich kid.

I spot Masashi near the school gate.

Hey, Masashi.

Yo, Hiroyuki. On your way home?

Yeah. You?

I'm about to get changed for school practice.

That's right. Masashi's part of the soccer club.

He's always practicing until late after school.

Geez, you sure have it tough every day.

I do it because I like it, so I don't find it tough at all.

Yeah?

Always so chill.

Anyway, why don't you join the Soccer Club too?

I'm sick of hearing that line. Quit trying to recruit me already.

It's such a waste of talent, though.

There's no talent in these legs.

That's where you're wrong. I only started playing soccer because you taught me…

I'm tired of hearing that too. We were just kids playing around. You're the talented one here. You're the club's rising star rookie, no?

I don't know about that. The guys just happen to pass the ball to me at the right moments…

Quit being so humble. That's proof that your team acknowledges your skills.

You think so…?

Anyway, I'm not joining, and I don't have any plans to ever join.

…Guess I'll just have to play the long game.

Don't get your hopes up. See ya.

The longer it drags out, the harder it will be to refuse.

I somewhat forcefully end the conversation and leave.

Okay, bye.

Masashi grins.

I enter the hall and spot Masashi ahead of me.

Hey, Masashi.

Oh, Hiroyuki.

Practice again today?

Nah, I'm about to head over to Ajisai for a goodbye party for the seniors.

Oh, yeah?

Ajisai is an okonomiyaki restaurant in the shopping arcade in front of the station.

It is known for being tasty, and students from my school often drop by on the way home.

Oh yeah, the graduation ceremony is the day after tomorrow.

We're having the farewell party before then because some of the seniors will move away straight after graduation.

I see.

The seniors haven't been at school since mid-February, so it already feels as if they had graduated.

The old folks leave and then new blood arrives again come spring. A school's circle of life.

Yeah.

That means you'll be a senior soon.

…Guess so.

We both already went through the senior phase in middle school, so it wasn't new.

The excitement isn't really there anymore.

Oh, sorry. I'm kinda in a rush. The rest of the team already left…

Yeah, no worries. Get going.

See you later.

Masashi waves and runs down the hall.

As he runs, he smiles and waves at the girls who call out to him and apologizes to a teacher who scolds him for running…before starting to run again.

Watching Masashi is like watching a scene from a coming-of-age movie… His life is what adolescence is all about.

I spot Masashi at the shoe lockers.

As I am about to call out to him…

Satooooo<rep rep_heart>

Someone else calls out to him in a sweet voice. I look over and Masashi is surrounded by three girls.

What's up?

Masashi turns around and asks.

Hey, Sato? Wanna go to karaoke with us this Sunday?

Female Student A asks.

Come on, let's gooo!

Female Student B tugs at his hand.

You're free on Sunday, right?

Female Student C asks.

Aren't we in the middle of finals next Sunday?

It'll be a good break from studying!

Uh-huh!

We know you don't have to study too hard to do well on your exams!

Sorry, I'm actually really feeling the pressure this time.

Masashi tries to decline without giving a straight reason.

But the girls won't let him get away that easily.

Come on, let's go!

Let's go, let's go!

We've got a coupon that's valid until Sunday.

They are stubbornly insistent.

Sorry, but I really do have to study that day. So maybe next time…

Aww, what? Now what should we do?

Yeah, what should we do?

Hmm…

The three girls discuss amongst themselves.

They don't care whether Masashi is free or not.

I'll totally make time to hang with you guys soon.

Masashi tries to smooth things over with a compromise.

Okay, fine. Promise us for next time then, Sato.

Yup, sure. Sorry, but I'm in a rush.

Masashi forces himself to smile as he runs away from the girls.

Buh-byyyyye<rep rep_heart>

They wave at him.

Oh, hey, Masa…

I try to call out to him, but Masashi had already gone out the door and left the school building.

I'd miss my chance.

Man, Masashi's really popular with the girls.

Hiroyuki.

Yeah.

Finals start tomorrow, huh?

Yeah…

How're you holding up?

Same as usual. You?

Same here…I guess?

Your version of usual and mine are completely different, you know.

Why? Because your grades are so much better than mine?

Your sarcasm is NOT appreciated.

I shrug.

I wasn't being sarcastic. Your grades really are better.

Haha, very funny.

I scoff.

The numbers don't lie. Your grades are higher than mine on average.

I'm talking about serious-mode Hiroyuki.

I'm always serious.

Not true. Like, remember the final push for the entrance exam? You did crazy well.

Oh yeah, I was kinda desperate though.

That's the real serious-mode Hiroyuki.

I must've burned half my life's energy to do what I did then. That's why I'm outta gas these days.

…

Masashi smiles wryly.

Get into serious mode once in a while, why don't you? Akari would like that.

If only it was as easy as getting into serious mode…

You're only saying that because you're not really in serious mode.

Fine, fine, I'll keep that in mind, at least.

I replied evasively.

Okay, I gotta go to soccer now.

Yeah, see you around.

See ya.

Masashi waves goodbye and turns around to walk down the hallway in the opposite direction.

VoiceActor

Hiroyuki Fujita

Shogo Sakata

Akari Kamigishi

Kana Ichinose

Ayako Kawasumi

Shiho Nagaoka

Kakeru Hota

Chieko Higuchi

HMX-12 Multi

Hina Youmiya

Yui Horie

Tomoko Hoshina

Yuki Nagaku

Aya Hisakawa

Serika Kurusugawa

Azumi Sato

Junko Iwao

Lemmy Christopher Helen Miyauchi

Ai Fukada

Rumi Kasahara

Aoi Matsubara

Saho Shirasu

Mayumi Iizuka

Kotone Himekawa

Yuka Nukui

Kyoko Hikami

Rio Hinayama

Momoka Terasawa

Ikue Otani

Ayaka Kurusugawa

Azumi Sato

Junko Iwao

HMX-13 Serio

Miyu Hanasaki

Michiko Neya

Masashi Sato

Nayuta Sugiura

Soichiro Hoshi

Yoshie Sakashita

Sakura Namiki

Yuka Imai

Sebastian

Shinnosuke Ogami

Ryusuke Ohbayashi

Gengoro Nagase

Yoshihito Sasaki

Ryusuke Ohbayashi

Hikari Kamigishi

Yuko Gibu

Ayako Kawasumi

George Miyauchi

Hiroki Maeda

Takeshi Kuwabara

Ayame Miyauchi

Nodoka Shiokawa

Cyndi Miyauchi

Yuuki Arimura

Mie Sonozaki

Michael Miyauchi

Mari Hino

Ryota Hinayama

Mao Matsushita

Megumi Tano

Okada

Mei Enomoto

Akiko Kimura

Matsumoto

Yumika Kanzaki

Mai Hoshikawa

Yoshii

Mao Matsushita

Mie Sonozaki

Yajima

Atsushi Kosaka

Ryotaro Okiayu

Mineko Karashima

Yuuki Kuwahara

Machiko Toyoshima

Gentoku Kumazawa

Takeo Motoi

Kenta Niikura

Keisuke Hamaoka

Hayata Okawa

Kei Kinjo

Minami Sakisaka

Yuki Haga

Chisa Tsushima

Development Team

AQUAPLUS Co., Ltd.

Original Story

Tatsuya Takahashi

Original Character Designer

Toru Minazuki

Hisashi Kawata

Character Designer

Art Director

Tatami Honjyo

Art Designer

EbiRi

Fujiyoshi

Shiraito

Taiga Okamoto

H.akiba

yorubeni

Chibi Characters Designer

EbiRi

Background Art Designer

Hirogiku Asakura

Keita

DLC Story

Akira Hiroshima

Voice Director

Yutaro Mochizuki

Voice Studio Engineer

Toshiaki Sakurai

Takashi Kitaguchi

kazuhiko Ito

Recording Studio

BAZOOKA STUDIO

Voice Editor

Akio Takahashi

Music Director

Naoya Shimokawa

Composer

Naoya Shimokawa

Kazuhide Nakagami

Shinya Ishikawa

Junya Matsuoka

Huang Yanling

Hironori Mutoh

Michio Kinugasa

Sound Effects

Shinya Ishikawa

Recording Engineer

Kenichi Arimura

Recording Studio

STUDIO AQUA

CSE Recording Studio

Production Cooperation

F.I.X.RECORDS

TOHO ENTERTAINMENT CO.,LTD.

Opening Theme

『Feeling Heart』

Singer: YURiKA

Lyrics: Naoko Sutani

Composer: Naoya Shimokawa

Arranger: Naoya Shimokawa,Junya Matsuoka

Track Maker：Hironori Mutoh

Ending Theme

『Sorezore No Ashita He』

Singer: YURiKA

Lyrics: Naoko Sutani

Composer:Kazuhide Nakagami

Arranger: Junya Matsuoka

Track Maker：Huang Yanling

Developer Staff

TAMSOFT CORPORATION

General Producer

Ko Ogura

Producer

Shintaro Nakaoka

Director

Shizuo Yuguchi

Supervisor

Shunsuke Tezuka

Art Director

Lead Character Modeling Artist

Tatsuki Fukuyama

Character Modeling Artist

Mai Sudo

Nene Matsukura

Yu Tetsukawa

Jyunji Fujii

Ami Tohyama

Lead Environment Artist

Takuya Koishikawa

Environment Artist

Shun Horie

Chie Saito

Lead UI Artist

Asami Suzuki

UI Artist

Ami Kageyama

Composite Artist

Ryusuke Sato

Lead Animator

Masashi Takeuchi

Animator

Masataka Teshima

Shun Hirota

Lead VFX Artist

Hiroki Sugano

Lead Planner

Nietzsche Komikado

Planner

Riho Suzuki

Koji Uza

Koryu Yoshikawa

Yuji Sato

Lead Programmer

Daiki Ezoe

Programmer

Masato Arai

Reduction Art Director

Kenichi Tanaka

Reduction Programmer

Satoshi Inamoto

Project Management

Hideo Takagi

Outsourcing Management

Etsuo Sasagawa

Hisashi Sato

Management

Masanori Ichikawa

Management Support

Hideki Matsumoto

Kaori Akasaka

Miki Shimizu

Takashi Tsuchiya

Hiroko Matsunaga

MIX, Inc.

Character Modeling Director

Kei Matsumoto

Character Modeling Artist

Takafumi Hayashi

Facial Animation Artist

Ryosuke Ihara

Yuuki Yagihashi

Tenben Co., Ltd.,

Total Coordinator

Ken Kudo

Director

Shintaro Aoki

Character Modeling Artist

Zhao Haihan

Gao Wei

Motion Artist

Ge Huili

Meteorise Inc.

Animator

Yuki Takeshita

Keiichi Shoji

Shintaro Takamatsu

Issei Tokuda

STAND Inc.

Reduction Artist

Mika Anze

Levtech Co., Ltd.

Reduction Artist

Kaito Miura

SoundLab MI Inc.

Sound Director

Mutsumi Ishimura

Sound Designer

Shunsuke Shibata

Middleware

CRIWARE

Powered by "CRIWARE".CRIWARE is a trademark of CRI Middleware Co., Ltd.

Copyright (c) 2010, The WebM Project authors. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,  are permitted provided that the following conditions aremet:

YEBIS is a trademark or a registered trademark of Silicon Studio Corporation.

3D production and optimization powered by InstaLOD. InstaLOD is a trademark of InstaLOD GmbH.

Font

Fontworks

Font Design by Fontworks Inc. Font Design by YoonDesign Group Inc. 

DynaFont

DynaFont is a registered Trademark of DynaComware Taiwan Inc.

Translation Assistance

Active Gaming Media Inc.

Noa Rozenberg

Meredith Singer

Ida Van

Toshiki Hieda

Taili Lu

Translation Review

Wang Zeyu

Huang Yanling

PC Publishing

EXNOA LLC

Tatsuki Sakakibara

Robert Kleinhenz

Pu-erh

© AQUAPLUS Licensed to and published by EXNOA LLC

Quality Assurance Support

Pole To Win, Inc.

Yoshiki Kaminishizono

Masaya Kitagawa

Takeru Tsukamoto

Masashi Miyawaki

Misaki Imai

Rina Kataoka

Keita Mizuno

Keisuke Katada

Shusuke Matsushita

Shota Morimoto

Keito Irie

Promotion

Promotion Management

Eiji Kawakami

Kazushi Tsukagoshi

Sales Promotion

Kazuhide Nakagami

Masashi Nakagami

Wang Zeyu

Publicity Manager

Shuji Kano

Title Logo & Package Design

Hideaki Kawai

Publicity Design

TAKEMi

Ryosuke Kakuta

Website

Kazuhide Nakagami

Promotion Support

HIKE Inc.

Kohgo Sawai

Mamoru Imamura

Shinnosuke Horie

Isamu Watabe

Tatsuhiko Karashima

Nobutake Tomine

Ichiro Kobinata

Special Thanks

Kazuo Ninomiya

Production Manager

Satoshi Isoda

Ryuya Kawahara

Director

Tsutomu Washimi

Executive Producer

Masataka Mikami

Producer

Naoya Shimokawa

Yes

No

Confirm

Back

OK

System save data has been created.

System save could not be loaded as the file is corrupt. Deleting the save data to create a new save.

System save could not be created. There may not be enough space for a new save.

Auto-save data is corrupt. Delete corrupt auto-save data?

Auto-save data has been deleted.

Auto-save was unsuccessful. Not enough space available. Attempt to auto-save again?

LOADING

Mon.

Tue.

Wed.

Thu.

Fri.

Sat.

Sun.

Decision Support and Route Guide

There are two assistance features in To Heart. Use them in times such as when you… ・Want a little hint for what to do next. ・Would prefer to focus on enjoying the story.

・Decision Support

Among the decisions available, an icon will appear on the option that will increase the affection of the heroine in question. You can toggle this feature on/off whenever you want during the game.

・Route Guide

All of the destinations/decisions required to successfully complete a heroine's story will be marked with a <rep rep_heart> icon. This can only be turned on at the start of the game and will be automatically switched off if an unmarked option is chosen.

Have fun playing To Heart however you like!

To Heart

Press any button

©AQUAPLUS ©DMM GAMES

©AQUAPLUS

Ver <0>.<00>.<000>

This game uses an auto-save function. The above icon will appear when the game is being saved. Please do not end the game or turn off the power to your device when the icon is displayed.

Resume

Continue

New Game

Bonus

Options

End Game

Memories

Character Viewer

Resume your story from your most recent save

Resume your story from a selected save

Start a new story

Revisit previously viewed scenes or browse through the character viewer

Configure your game

End the game

Revisit story cutscenes from a heroine whose ending you have watched

View 3D models of the heroines or sub-characters

Would you like to overwrite the auto-saved data?

Auto-save data is corrupt. Delete corrupt auto-save data?

Auto-save data has been deleted.

Auto-save was unsuccessful. Not enough space available. Attempt to auto-save again?

Are you sure you want end your game?

　 　 　 　 　<chara>'s route has been unlocked.

Skip the prologue?

星期一

星期二

星期三

星期四

星期五

星期六

星期日

是否開啟路線指南？
