（オープニング）
（真っ黒）
　*beep-beep-beep-beep*
*beep-beep-beep-beep*
*beep-beep-beep-beep*
　*click*
　I reach a hand out from under the blanket and turn off my alarm clock.
　Urrgh...
　Somehow, it's already morning.
　I feel like I got in bed minutes ago.
　Still half asleep, I sluggishly reach out and open the curtains.
　Blinding morning light shines in and brightens the room.
　It's a pleasant, sunny morning.
　I can feel the warmth of the sunlight through my blanket.
　Tilting my head to the side, I take a look at the clock.
　It's 7:30, my usual wake-up time.
　I still have a few minutes to spare.
　So, I think I'll stay in bed and let my body wake up the rest of the way.
…
　I rest for a few drowsy minutes.
　Aah, it's times like these that I appreciate every second I have.
　Mm...
　*ding-dong*
　*ding-dong*
　*ding-dong*
　Mmmm...
"<name>-chan!"
　I hear a familiar voice outside the window.
　It's
Akari.
　*ding-dong*
*ding-dong*
Enough with the ding-dongs!
"<name>-chan, are you up?!"
　Of course I am.
　*ding-dong*
"<name>-chan! Hey, <name>-chan!"
　Man, Akari...
　I've told her a million times to knock it off with that nickname, but she just doesn't listen.
　We're not little kids anymore.
　*ding-dong*
*ding-dong*
"<name>-chan, you're gonna be late!"
　*ding-dong*
*ding-dong*
*ding-dong*
"<name>-chan!!!"
"I told you! Stop calling me <name>-chan! It's <name>!"
　I yell, jumping up in bed.
　As soon as I sit up, I see the time on the clock and panic.
　Ack!
　8:01?!
　Whoa, not good!
　I'd usually be leaving the house by now!
　I frantically leap out of bed.
"Hey, <name>-chan, wake up!"
　Akari's still shouting at me from outside.
　Augh, does she have to keep screaming my name?!
　The whole neighborhood can hear her!
"<name>-chan!!!"
"I'm awake already!"
　I yell out the window, ripping off the t-shirt I had been wearing as pajamas.
　I yank a shirt off a hanger and jam my arms through the sleeves.
　I put on pants and socks, throw my bag and the school uniform jacket under my arm, and rush out of the room.
　*stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*
　I button my shirt as I descend the stairs, skipping every other step.
　I toss my bag and jacket onto the shoe rack and unlock the front door.
　Then, I take a deep breath and open the door.
"Good morning, <name>-chan."
　Akari says, smiling as she steps inside.
"Geez, I kept calling and you never answered. I didn't know what happened to you!
You know you have to wake up on time."
"Y'know, Akari..."
　I mutter.
"What?"
"I appreciate you coming to wake me up.
It's a big help.
But still..."
"What is it?"
"Don't scream so loud for me to wake up! 
It's embarrassing!"
"B-But I thought you were still sleeping, and you would've been late if you didn't get up soon."
"Man, are you trying to make me the laughing stock of the neighborhood?"
"Um, sorry."
　Akari
Kamigishi's
a childhood friend of mine who lives in the neighborhood.
We're the same age.
　We've known each other for as long as we can remember.
　We also happen to attend the same high school and walk there together every morning.
　Usually, we meet up on the street in front of the house, but she probably came to get me because I was late.
"Also, Akari..."
"What is it?"
"Like I keep saying, can you stop calling me <name>-chan so much?"
"I dunno..."
"Can't you call me <name>-kun or <family>-kun or something?
That little kid nickname is too embarrassing. We're in high school now."
"But you've been <name>-chan ever since we were little, and you'll always be <name>-chan to me, so I'd like to call you <name>-chan forever."
"Stop saying it so much!"
"Sorry."
　She reflexively apologizes and smiles.
"A-Anyway, you need to get ready quick or we're gonna be late."
　Oh, right.
　There's no time for this.
"Akari, you can go on without me."
"What?"
"I still need to wash my face. If you wait for me, we'll both end up having to run."
"Hmm,
that's fine. I can wait."
"Yeah?
Then give me a minute."
"Okay."
　I hurry to the bathroom.
　My parents have been away from home for work for four months now.
　I was finally starting to get used to living on my own, but I still make mistakes like this sometimes.
　It's always great to have Akari around at times like these.
　I get that I only have myself to blame, but I still want to complain to my parents.
　I understand they have their reasons—they were transferred and have a longer commute—but how could they abandon their high school freshman son?
　I might just become a delinquent because of this.
　They could at least give me more spending money.
　But that's neither here nor there.
　I quickly brush my teeth and wash my face with the cold water from the faucet.
　I wet my hair to fix my bedhead and dry it with the hair dryer while quickly brushing it.
　It all takes precisely one minute.
"Alright, time to go."
　I stick my feet in my shoes.
"<name>-chan, what about breakfast?"
"Like I've got time to eat.
I'm locking the door, get moving."
"Oh, uh, okay."
　I push Akari from behind and leave the house.
　We run from my house to the park.
"C'mon, hurry!"
"*huff, huff*
W-Wait, <name>-chan,
slow down a little."
　When I see the way Akari was struggling to catch her breath, I let out an exasperated sigh.
"Man, I said you should've gone ahead without me.
I can get to school in fifteen minutes by myself."
"I-I can't..."
"Fine,
then let's walk for a bit.
We'll start running again once we're out of the park."
"Okay."
We enter the park.
Cutting diagonally through the park will get us to the train station much faster.
It's so convenient that everyone who lives around here uses the park instead of the road.
We walk down a path inlaid with pastel-colored tiles.
The pigeons gather at the sides of the path, huddling together in patches of warm sunlight.
Surrounded by familiar sights, it's a morning just like any other.
However, the gentle breeze signals that spring is approaching.
"The weather's getting a little warmer."
Akari says, peering into my eyes.
Her bangs flutter in the wind.
"It's like it's spring already."
"I guess."
My detached response must've been funny to her. She giggles.
"By the way, <name>-chan…"
Akari's tone changes a bit.
"Yeah?"
"You have to eat breakfast."
"Why bring that up now?"
"Well, you didn't have breakfast again."
"Not much I could do about that today.
Where would I have found time to eat?"
"You could at least have grabbed a snack.
You have to eat something."
She sounds a little stern.
Akari's usually pretty go-with-the-flow,
but every now and then,
she speaks to me with an air of authority,
like a big sister might.
Most of the time it's to give me a heads-up regarding my day-to-day habits.
"And today wasn't the only time. You've been skipping breakfast
every day for a while."
"I guess."
"If you don't eat when you get up, your blood sugar will dip, and you'll be out of it and sleepy all morning."
"Huh, really?
I see.
That'd explain why I've been napping so much lately.
Skipping breakfast does that?"
"…
…"
"You were just thinking that's not the only reason I'm sleepy, weren't you?"
"What?
N-No, not at all!
Nope."
Akari's not the lying type. I can see the truth all over her face.
"A-Anyway, don't sleep in, and make sure to eat breakfast."
"I know that's what I should do, it's just..."
"What?"
"Eating is one thing,
but cooking first thing in the morning is a pain."
I live alone, so there's obviously no one to make breakfast for me.
That means I have to make it myself, but I hate it.
I'm more tired than hungry in the morning, so I prioritize sleep.
"But if there were food ready, I'd eat it."
"Geez, you're so lazy."
Akari says, eyes smiling as she giggles.
"Fine,
then what if I came and cooked for you starting tomorrow?"
"You would seriously make breakfast?
For me?"
"Okay."
Akari making me breakfast?
Hm,
not a bad suggestion.
If Akari's good at anything, it's cooking.
We've known each other for long enough that she knows just what I like too.
I have no reason to say no.
Alright then.
"Okay, go for it then.
Thanks."
"Great!"
Akari nods with glee.
"I'll bring the ingredients over to your house tomorrow."
"Sounds good."
"Hmm... What should I cook?"
Looking up at the sky, Akari seems to be formulating some kind of plan.
"Would you like Japanese food for breakfast?
Or Western food?"
"I guess Japanese food if I had to pick."
"Mhm,
and do you want anything specific?"
"Not really."
"Then I'll decide.
I'll come over at seven tomorrow, okay?"
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
"Seven? That early?!"
"Yeah,
since we leave at eight. I think we'll need around an hour."
"Hold up!
Forget it."
"Aww, why?"
"I can't wake up that early.
I'll just eat some bread or whatever.
You don't care as long as I eat something, right?"
"I mean, no, but..."
"Well, I appreciate that you offered anyway."
"Really?"
Although Akari doesn't argue with me, she doesn't seem very happy with my decision either.
In all the time that I'd known her, Akari had never changed.
Akari has always been caring and a little bit of a busybody.
That was true when we were little, and it's still true now.
She even still uses the same nickname for me.
"You really don't change, do you?"
"What?
What about me hasn't changed?"
"Everything."
"What do you mean?"
Akari looks perplexed.
"I mean exactly what it sounds like I mean."
I say, speaking in a teasing tone.
"Anyway, we need to run.
I'll go slower this time, just don't fall behind."
"Oh, uh, w-wait…"
I run off without answering Akari.
The instant I run out of the shade, I'm hit full force by blinding sunlight.
I squint and look up at the sky.
The clear blue sky seems to stretch on forever.
It feels like I could melt into that endless blue sky, like it could swallow me whole if I stretched my arms high enough.
This would be the second spring of my high school experience.
I often feel my heart start racing out of nowhere as of late.
I don't know why.
Maybe the spring weather has something to do with it.
Or maybe it's some kind of omen.
Well, whatever.
At any rate, spring has come again.
Our high school's at the top of a hill.
That means we have to climb a long way uphill every morning, and it's pretty exhausting.
However, it's a nice spot, and it means our sports field is larger than those of most other city schools, so it's an easy problem to ignore.
I pass a few other students on the way up the hill.
The light pink uniform for the girls stands out even from a distance.
This must be the last group of kids to arrive before the bell rings.
As long as I arrive at the same time as them, I'll be okay.
I stop running and begin walking at a normal pace.
My breathing calms as I look behind me.
Akari finally catches up several seconds later.
"*huff, huff*"
Her chest is heaving.
"Looks like we made it.
If we're arriving with these students, we should be good."
"O-Okay.
*huff, huff*"
"…"
"*huff, huff*"
"…"
"*huff, huff*"
"You should get more exercise."
"Urgh..."
When we're halfway up the hill, Akari points up ahead.
Hey,
<name>-chan,
isn't that
Shiho?
I look and see someone familiar from behind.
I've known her since middle school, so of course I recognize her.
However, I decide to ignore her.
Although I normally say hello to anyone I know, it's different with Shiho.
Nothing good can come of talking to her, and we have no time to waste.
I'll just pretend I didn't see her―
"Shiho!"
"…"
However, no sooner do I think that than Akari calls out before I can stop her.
"Oh, hi!
Good morning, Akari!"
Shiho waves.
Then she looks at me.
"Ugh, <nick>?!"
Her face immediately goes expressionless.
"Let me guess-Oh crap, I'm late!"
"Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
Look at the time.
We're not late yet."
"Oh, you're right.
That's weird. So, is it the clock that's running late or something?"
"Hey."
"I mean, everyone already calls you the king of lateness."
"No one's ever called me that but you."
"Hm, are you sure about that?"
The girl annoying me first thing in the morning is none other than
Shiho 
Nagaoka
Nagaoka.
I've had the misfortune of knowing her since middle school. She's always saying things like this.
We're constantly having pointless arguments as a result.
At this point, it's fair to call her a menace, a threat to my tranquil school life.
"Hey, just so you know, I've hardly been late since starting high school.
I'm on the straight and narrow."
"Are you now?
Ahaha, if showing up on time is that meaningful, then that would make me the best student in the school!"
"Hah. What a dumb thing to say.
The day you're top student is the day this school—and maybe even the whole country—is doomed."
"You're the last person who should be talking to me that way!"
"Come on, guys. Calm down..."
Akari steps in at the perfect moment.
This now-familiar pattern of behavior has been repeating itself since middle school.
Shiho and Akari have opposite personalities and interests, but for some reason they always get along strangely well.
They seem to have some baffling sort of compatibility and have been best friends since middle school.
Opposites attract, I guess.
*ding, dong, ding, dong*
The bell chimes.
Although that's actually just the pre-bell which alerts us that we have five minutes left, the school still shuts the gate for some reason.
"Look at that! 
Associating with you is gonna make me late too."
"It's your fault for not shutting up!"
"Anyway, we have to hurry!"
We race to the gate.
It's still open, if only barely.
"Hold up, you jerk!"
"Wait, <name>-chan!"
I hear two pitiful cries behind me.
"C'mon, better hurry or the teacher's gonna close it on you!"
I shout back to my slower friends as I pass through the gate and…
*bump*
"Aah!"
"…"
Not looking where I'm going, I crash into a girl walking in front of me.
She's so light that instead of a collision, it ends up being a situation where I basically shove her forwards.
She immediately falls to the ground and ends up on her bottom.
"M-My bad!
Are you alright?!"
I apologize first thing.
I've really screwed this one up.
Her bag flies through the air and lands pretty far away.
"S-Sorry, that was totally my fault."
Scratching my head awkwardly, I approach the girl.
"…"
"The first thing that catches my eye is her lustrous black hair.
The long, wavy hair reflects the sunlight and appears to glow softly.
"Ngh..."
She's a knockout, absolutely beautiful.
I've never seen this girl before.
She has a sort of mature air about her.
I guess she's
a senior.
"…"
The girl remains on the ground looking confused.
"Sorry, are you hurt?"
I ask, stooping down.
However, rather than answer, she just stares at my face.
"Uh, hello?"
"…"
She gazes at me in silence.
"Wh-What?"
"For some reason I don't understand, we just stare at each other.
"…"
"…"
For some reason I don't understand, we just stare at each other.
"…"
"…"
…Ah?!
Her weird behavior seems to be contagious.
What are we doing, acting this way in front of the gate when school is about to start?
"Here, just take my hand."
I hold a hand out.
"…"
She stares at my hand.
But she doesn't grab it.
"Come on."
"…"
I hold my hand out again.
Again, she just stares.
This girl is weird.
"Just grab my hand already!"
It's only when I speak in a harsher tone that she nods and does as I ask.
She slowly grips my hand.
I pull her to her feet.
"Sorry again about that. I mean it…
Are you okay?"
"…"
She won't respond.
She continues to stare at my face without saying a word.
"Wh-What?
Is there something on my face?"
"…"
I-Is she just a freak?
I notice a little sand on her skirt.
"Oh, you got dirty."
I point.
"…"
The girl glances at the sand, but doesn't bother to wipe it off before looking back at me.
"Look, it's dirty."
"…"
"Um, hello? Can you hear me?"
"…"
She doesn't respond.
"Ugh, whatever, it's bugging me!"
Fed up,
I brush the dirt off her skirt.
"Here's your bag."
"…"
While I'm at it, I pick up her bag and hand it to her.
"Uh, are you mad?
Is that why you won't talk to me?"
She shakes her head.
"Oh?
You're not mad?"
She shakes her head again.
That's a relief.
"…"
At least she isn't mad.
"<name>-chan, you have to hurry!"
Akari calls out to me.
"Uh oh, homeroom's about to start.
You should hurry too.
Bye!
Sorry again!"
"…"
She keeps staring at me as I wave and turn to leave.
I change into my school shoes and start walking down the hallway.
"<name>-chan, was
Kurusugawa
Kurusugawa
okay? She didn't get hurt when she fell?"
Akari asks me.
"What? 
Kurusugawa?"
"Yeah,
the girl you bumped into."
"Her name's Kurusugawa?"
"Oh, you don't know her?"
"Nope.
Never seen or heard of her.
Kurusugawa's
a pretty uncommon name."
"Aaaahaha!
Ignorance is the root of all evil, <nick>!"
The annoying one butts in.
"You're a student here and you don't know Serika Kurusugawa, the richest of all rich girls? That's nuts."
"Nobody asked for your opinion."
"You don't have to be mean. 
If you're just that ignorant, maybe I'll be so generous as to teach you."
"You're just itching to tell me, aren't you?
I see that glint in your eyes."
"Well,
you know, it's my job to make sure everyone has fair and equal access to school gossip."
What a pointless job.
"If there's anything you want to know, feel free to ask me.
The Shiho Network is a hotspot for all kinds of info@"
"Sure, whatever…"
I nod and roll my eyes.
"Fine, I'll tell you. Serika Kurusugawa, as in Kurusugawa Electric Works, Kurusugawa Metals, and Kurusugawa Bank.
Do you know the Kurusugawa Group?"
"Yeah, even I've heard of them.
Huh, so she's one of those Kurusugawas?"
"Yep,
the famous Kurusugawas with all the commercials on the radio and TV.
The CEO happens to be Serika's grandfather. Crazy, right?"
"I guess."
"So basically, you just knocked a modern-day princess to the ground!"
"S-So what?"
"Hehehe, men in black might be coming to get you tonight."
Shiho narrows her eyes and cackles.
"D-Don't scare me like that.
It's not funny."
"Isn't Kurusugawa pretty, though?"
Akari says, diverting the conversation into a less distressing direction.
"She's so beautiful.
I wish I had pretty hair like hers."
"Well, she's one of the richest girls around. You can't compare yourself to her as a normal person."
"You're right about that!"
"But still, and don't tell anyone I told you this…"
Shiho looks around and lowers her voice.
"She seems like a huge weirdo."
"What?"
"I heard from another junior that she's a weirdo who's into freaky occult stuff."
"Occult stuff?"
"Yeah, like ghosts, black magic, all those kinds of things.
I don't know much about it, but you know how there's an Occult Research Club here?"
"Yeah, I've heard of it."
"She's supposedly a member.
Maybe super rich girls have super weird hobbies too."
"It's a much classier hobby than gossip."
"Hey, what's that supposed to mean?"
"Bye, <name>-chan."
We're at the door to Class A's homeroom.
"See you later."
I'm in Class A, but Akari and Shiho are in Class C.
So, we have to part ways here.
"Try and actually learn something, <nick>.
If you just sleep through every class, you'll be the only one getting held back."
"Meh, you're one of the top ten worst students here.
Maybe worry about yourself."
"H-How dare you!"
*ding, dong, ding, dong*
"Shiho, homeroom's starting."
"Urgh, you'll pay for that,
<nick>!"
Shiho heads to Class C with Akari.
"Now then..."
I see the annoying one off and sigh with relief before entering my classroom.
The teacher hasn't arrived yet, and everyone is talking and laughing.
Our homeroom teacher is pretty laid back and always late.
Not that I have a problem with that.
On the way to my desk...
"Hi!
Good morning, <kata>!"
A cheerful voice stops me.
I turn and see my classmate, 
Lemmy
Lemmy
Miyauchi, smiling at me.
"Hey, Lemmy. Good morning."
I smile back at her.
Cheerful and friendly, Lemmy is a half-Japanese American girl from California.
The combination of her shiny blonde hair and uniform make her stand out among the class.
Somehow, Lemmy's presence alone is enough to lend our class a somewhat international feel.
"The teacher's not here, but you're still late.
You've gotta get to school earlier."
"Hey, gimme a break.
I had a little accident this morning."
"Accident?"
"Yep, I wasn't looking where I was going
and there was a collision."
"Collision?!
<kata>, don't tell me you got run over by a car?!"
"Nah, no motor vehicles involved.
It was a collision with another person."
"Oh, you scared me."
Lemmy sighs with relief.
"I mean, we didn't bump each other very hard and nobody got hurt, but that's why I'm a little later than I was supposed to be."
"Today's not your lucky day, <kata>."
"Well,
depending on how you think about it, maybe I was lucky.
The girl I ran into was a hot junior."
"Why
does that make you lucky?"
"Well,
it was like a dramatic encounter, y'know?"
"Meeting someone by bumping into them is dramatic?
I see,
I guess I can understand why you would say that."
Lemmy nods. Evidently, she agrees with me.
"But you gotta be more careful.
You didn't get hurt this time, but that's no guarantee for next time."
"What, you're worried about me?"
"Totally!
We're classmates!"
Lemmy says, flashing me a bright smile before walking off.
Classmates,
huh?
I don't know if it's because of her accent, but the way she speaks feels different compared to my other classmates.
It's like it implies a deeper feeling of friendship or something.
At any rate, Lemmy's fluent Japanese never ceases to amaze me.
I heard her mother is Japanese, but Lemmy's Japanese is shockingly good for someone who lived in America her whole life.
Although, I guess she mentioned occasionally visiting Japan as a kid.
While she's friendly with me, Lemmy and I aren't actually that close.
She's sociable enough to speak casually with anyone.
I'm just another classmate to her.
Just as I plop down in my chair...
"Hi, <name>."
I'm greeted by my second childhood friend,
Masashi
Masashi
Sato.
"Hey."
I reply with a grin.
He has a cute, almost girlish face, a bubbly, kind personality, and he's the top rookie on the soccer team. With all that going for him, Masashi is beloved by the whole class.
I've known him since before starting kindergarten. He's like a little brother to me.
He, Akari, and I have all always been as close as siblings.
I take the oldest sibling role, Akari is the middle child, and Masashi is the youngest.
Our relationship remains the same to this day, but Masashi has been busy with soccer lately, so we can't spend time together like we used to.
Still, he's one of my closest friends.
"Here, thanks again."
Masashi hands me a CD.
It has a familiar cover.
It's a CD I had lent him.
"Oh yeah, I forgot I gave this to you.
How'd you like it?"
"It was pretty good.
I listened to it like five times."
"The second and third tracks were my favorites."
"Yeah, same here. 
That last track is pretty solid too."
"Mn, that's a good one."
"Oh, that reminds me, Shiho wanted to borrow the other CD you lent me. Do you mind if I pass it on to her?"
"If she'll pay a hundred yen a day for it, sure."
The gang consists of me and my childhood friends—Akari and Masashi—
with Shiho added to the mix from middle school.
We all decided to take this high school's entrance exam in the autumn of our last year of middle school.
I was lagging behind, and Shiho was even further behind than me, but we studied like crazy and all managed to pass the exam.
Now, we're already closing in on the end of our first year of high school.
Time flies.
*rattle, rattle, rattle*
The door opens, and my homeroom teacher appears.
"Alright, everyone,
sit down!
It's time to take attendance!"
"Okay, I'll tell Shiho what you said."
Masashi returns to his desk.
Then, homeroom begins.
