（システムイベント　始業式）
（４月８日　朝）
（自分の部屋）
Tuesday, April 8th.
Today marks the start of a new school year.
I wake up in the morning right on time.
Maybe I mentally prepared myself for a new school year without even realizing it.
"I'm going to school, bye."
I mutter to myself and leave the house.
It's been a while since I've worn my school uniform.
For some reason, wearing it puts me in a nostalgic mood.
"Back to school starting today, huh."
"…Yeah."
I nod, squinting against the bright sunlight.
Akari's hair flutters in the breeze, which has gotten even warmer lately.
It feels kind of refreshing to see Akari in her school uniform again after so long.
I hear the roar of an airplane in the endless blue sky.
Students are climbing the hill.
Sure enough, everyone seems excited for the new year.
"This is the perfect weather for the start of the new year."
Akari said, smiling.
Maybe I'm just imagining things, but she seems to be standing up straighter than usual, and the soft curve of her chest seems more emphasized.
"…"
"Is something wrong?"
"Nah."
I look up at the sky and scratch my head.
"Wow, look. The cherry blossoms are blooming."
"Yeah."
The school's cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
The petals flutter in the wind.
Akari holds her bag against her chest and skips through the school gate.
I leisurely walk after her.
"Wow..."
Akari looks up at the cherry blossoms, admiring them from below.
"Aren't they pretty?"
Past the pink flowers is the clear blue sky.
The pink petals dance in the dazzling sunlight.
"Cherry blossoms are pretty nice in the morning.
I wish we could just hang out here and look at them."
I block the sunlight with my hand.
"Wasn't the sky like this when we first started at this school?"
"Yeah, I just remembered that."
Hard to believe it's already been a year since then.
Time flies.
Then, Akari says something so quietly that I almost don't hear.
"I hope we get to be in the same class."
She whispers.
I keep looking up at the cherry blossoms.
"That'd be nice."
I answer.
Akari turns to me with a bright smile.
"Yeah!"
She nods enthusiastically.
At the front door, a student council member is handing out papers with our new class assignments.
"I'll go grab some."
Akari goes and gets a sheet of paper for me and one for her.
"Here you go, <name>-chan."
She somewhat nervously hands me a sheet.
"Thanks."
I take it and look it over.
Akari looks hers over as well.
Let's see here…
Will I be lucky enough to be in the same class as my friends?
My heart raced.
My eyes scan over the words on the page.
2-A,
2-A,
2-A,
2-A…
My name isn't there.
Next, 2-B.
2-B,
2-B,
2-B,
2-B…
Oh!
There it is.
I find my name.
It seems like Akari found her name at the same time.
We both speak up in unison.
"2-B!"
We speak in perfect synchronicity.
"<name>-chan, you're in 2-B?!"
"Yeah, you too?"
"Yep!"
2-B.
Akari and I were both in 2-B.
"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay! 
　
We're in the same class!"
"You're that happy about it?"
"Yeah, I sure am!"
Akari's happy enough for both of us.
"Cool, so we're both in 2-B.
Oh, looks like Masashi is too."
"Really?!"
"Huh, what luck.
I don't think we've all been in the same class since elementary school."
"That's right."
"So, what class is Shiho in?"
"Um,
looks like 2-A."
"The next class over,
then."
"Yep."
"Aaah, thank God."
"What do you mean?"
"If I had to be in her class, I don't know what I'd do."
After that strange series of coincidences, I was worried, but it looks like the worst case scenario has been avoided.
If there's anything I'd pray to God for, it's to not be in the same class as Shiho.
It'd stress me out to have to listen to her rambling all day long.
Seeing her occasionally and messing with her is just fine with me.
"But you look a little disappointed, <name>-chan."
"About what?"
"You secretly wish you and Shiho were in the same class, huh?"
Akari giggled.
"Hell no."
"Haha."
We enter Class 2-B.
This will be my classroom for the next year.
Nice to meet you, classroom.
I greet the new classroom in my head.
"…
…"
A girl passes by me.
"Oh, that's..."
It's the girl I met at the library.
I think her name is...
"It's Hoshina."
That's right. I'm pretty sure it's Hoshina.
"Oh, we're in the same class again."
"Oh yeah, weren't you in her class last year?"
"Yep."
"Guess I'm gonna be her classmate too now."
"Good morning, guys."
Masashi's in the classroom before us. He notices us and walks over.
"Hey.
Let's make this year another good one."
"Good morning, Sashi."
"Looks like we're in the same class, Akari."
"I'm so excited for the new year!"
"Same here."
"Oh, how nice that you all get to be in the same class."
Shiho shows up looking upset.
"Oh, good morning."
"Hey, outsider."
"Who are you calling an outsider?! 

From my perspective, you're the outsiders!"
"Hahaha. That's some pretty weak reasoning you've got there."
"Screw you."
"Blame yourself. You're being punished for your sins."
"That's ridiculous!"
"Well,
we may not be in the same class, but we're right next to each other."
"Yeah, there's just a thin wall between us. 
You're making a big deal out of nothing."
"I think that wall makes a big difference."
"Grrr!"
"Alright, everyone, sit down."
The homeroom teacher enters the room.
"What?!

The bell hasn't even rung yet!

Also, you get Kibayashi?!"
Shiho nearly trips as she frantically returns to her own classroom.
Everyone else also rushes to find empty chairs and sit.
"I'm Kibayashi, your homeroom teacher for the next year.
Nice to meet you."
Mr. Kibayashi is a man in his mid-thirties with glasses and hair parted to one side.
He was our physics teacher last year.
He's strict, but he's a good, hard-working teacher.
"I think you know this, but I'm the physics teacher,
so we'll see each other in that class too.
The opening ceremony starts soon, so head to the auditorium and line up as your name is called."
The students noisily stand up from their seats, head into the hallway, and make their way to the auditorium.
There we have the opening ceremony.
It finishes in no time and school comes to an end for the day.
Opening ceremonies are annoying, but at least we can just leave when they're done.
I figure I might as well ask if everyone wants to hang out like usual.
I start with Masashi.
"Hey, Masashi."
"What's up,
　
<name>?"
"Do you want to go somewhere right now?"
Masashi looks guilty.
"Sorry,
but I have to go to a club orientation later."
He explains.
"Oh, yeah?
I guess you have to do those things when you're in an after school club."
The entrance ceremony for the new students was happening later in the auditorium.
It would be followed by an orientation in the school yard.
Orientation was when all the after school clubs competed to draw new members.
All the sports and culture clubs set up stands in the school yard, making it feel just like a school festival.
Masashi's going to help the soccer team recruit new members.
Maybe he's going to show off his soccer ball juggling or something.
"Sorry about that.
I'll make up for it some other time.
"It is what it is."
After I say that...
"Hey there,
　
<nick>!"
Shiho loudly approaches.
"Don't shout my name so loud.
It's embarrassing."
"Hey, the fact that I'm energetic is a good thing@"
"Having energy is one thing. Being annoying is another."
"That distinction doesn't matter. 
Anyway, we got off early today. How about we hang out?"
"I was just thinking the same thing."
"Great! 
You and Masashi can both come along."
"Sorry, Shiho.
I'm busy with something."
"He's recruiting for the soccer team."
"Oh, huh.
Well, good luck with that."
"Sorry.
Well, I should get going."
Masashi waves goodbye and leaves the classroom.
"Now there's just…
Oh,
found her.
Hey, Akari!"
Shiho beckons Akari over just as she returns to the classroom.
"What's going on?"
"We're gonna go hang out somewhere."
"Oh,
　
right now?"
"Yep.
You're free, right?"
"I am, yeah."
"Then it's settled!

Let's have some fun."
Shiho is already all hyped up.
"Don't start the school year off by going too wild."
"Don't be a killjoy."
And so, we hit the town again.
"Look, Akari!
　
That dress is super cute!"
"Ooh, you're right!"
"What about that one?"
"Yeah, that's another good one!"
Hanging out with two girls might make me look lucky, but it's actually surprisingly boring.
We wander around the station before walking into the karaoke place above the arcade.
This is where Shiho shines.
When she gets a microphone in her hand, she never lets go.
She has a huge repertoire of songs, so she can go on singing forever.
"Shiho, you're such a good singer."
"But why do I have to pay so much money just to watch her have a recital?"
I scowl and sip my cola.
Akari shrugs and awkwardly smiles.
