（システムイベント　終業式）
（青空）
　終業式。
The ceremony itself is boring, but knowing this is the end of the
school year helps make it less painful.
All it really means is that we're moving on to the next school year
and changing classes, so it's not anything to get sentimental about.
It just means a year had passed.
After the closing ceremony, I feel like going up to the roof by
myself.
The sunlight's warm and the wind is cool.
As a final farewell to this year, I gaze out at the town in the
distance.
Well, this is my last day as a freshman.
That means I've been at this school for a whole year.
Time flies.
People have long said that life is short.
Soon I'll be a junior, then a senior, and then I'll graduate.
If I'm not careful, time will pass me by in an instant.
　あと二年。
I should try to make my time in school meaningful somehow.
Honestly, it wouldn't be an overstatement to say I wasted the last
year.
It was a sadly boring way to spend my adolescence.
As I'm thinking these thoughts...
「ほらァ、やっぱここにいた＠」
The tranquil moment is stolen away by Miss Noisy, aka Shiho Nagaoka.
"Why are you looking at me like that? You act like I stole a
tranquil moment away from you."
「お前、なかなか鋭いね」
「鞄はあるのにいないから、どこ行ったのかと思って、捜してたんだ」
"But how'd you know I was here specifically?"
"Shiho figured that out. She was like, 'Hm, I sense him on the
roof!'"
"And she was right?"
"Hehehe. I call it my Shiho Radar."
"How dumb."
"What'd you just say to me?!"
"What even is Shiho Radar? Did you pick up my scent or something?"
「き、気に入らないわね～、あんた～」
"Come on, you two.
それより、ほら、志保」
"Oh, right."
Shiho looks like she just remembered something.
"We were gonna celebrate the end of the school year by hanging out
around the station."
He explains.
"Man, that's all you ever do."
"Hmph. You were planning to do the same thing, weren't you?"
"Maybe."
The last day of freshman year only happens once.
I don't want to waste it by going straight home.
"Whatever. Let's invite Masashi to and hit the town!"
"Yeah!"
　──というわけで、オレ、あかり、志保、雅史のいつもの四人は、街に繰り出した。
