（あかり　エンディング１）
（５月１２日）
（授業中）
The school trip ends without issue and we return to school.
After school that day...
Most students have gone home, but a few remain in our classroom to talk about the school trip.
I'm one of them.
The sunlight through the window was growing dim, making it time to finally leave.
After the others leave, I wander up to the roof.
I just want to see the beautiful sunset.
I'm also a bit tired from talking and want to get some fresh air.
I look down over the guard rail.
Members of the sports teams are working up a sweat in the school yard. The students leaving through the school gate cast long shadows.
There's still a while to go before the school closes for the night.
I lean against the railing and look up at the sky
The sunset creates a beautiful ombre in the sky.
The sky to the west burns bright.
The burning red spreads, eventually dissolving into the blue of night.
"*sigh…*"
Golden Week, the school trip...
After a series of fun events, we'll be returning to our regular lives.
And in another two weeks, I have to deal with midterms again.
Ugh, what a pain.
Why do students have to take so many tests? Do we never get a chance to chill out?
I wish I could go back to the start of Golden Week.
I guess everyone feels that way after a nice break.
Anyway, the school trip was fun.
I got a lot of nice memories out of that.
It was a highlight of the high school experience for sure.
Akari and I did a lot together over the course of that five-day trip.
We were clearly closer than before, and Masashi and Shiho seemed to notice.
Well, that's fine.
It's not like we're trying to hide that we're dating.
Akari and I...
It was a long time coming, but we were finally honest with each other.
I met a lot of people and had a lot of experiences this spring.
Throughout it all, I realized my true feelings about Akari.
She's more important to me than anyone.
"<name>-chan."
Someone suddenly calls my name from behind.
I turn around and see Akari.
"Hey."
"I saw your shoes and figured you were still around.
What are you doing?"
"Nothing much.
Just watching the sunset."
"Yeah?"
Akari squints and stares at the setting sun.
"Mind if I join you?"
Akari asks with some reservation.
"Of course you can."
I nod and beckon her over, then put a hand on her shoulder and pull her close.
"The school trip… 
It was fun."
"Yeah,
Hokkaido's pretty nice."
"Yep."
"The food's great and the air's clean.
Compared to this mess of a place, it's like another world."
"Hehehe."
"Oh, hey,
so did you ever print out the photos you took?"
"Yeah,
I asked my mom to do it yesterday.
They should be done by now."
"Alright,
how about we go look at them?"
"Okay."
Akari nods.
"I wonder how the shots turned out."
"<name>-chan, the latter half of them were all you messing around."
"I also got pictures of you when you fell asleep on the bus."
"What?
　
When was that?"
"You were out cold.
You were even drooling..."
"What?!
　
R-Really?!"
"Hahaha, just messing with you."
"Geez..."
"But you were cute when you were sleeping."
"<name>-chan…"
We bask in the red of the sunset as we lean against each other and look down at the town.
"Let's make a photo album together.
I hope we can keep adding to it forever."
Akari whispers, an affectionate look filling her eyes, as she rests her head on my chest.
"Man,
you're always saying the most embarrassing things."
"Ehehehe."
Akari bashfully laughs.
I blush and smile before wrapping an arm around her shoulder.
Akari grabs my hand.
"Well, we can take more photos, little by little.
It'll be summer soon.
Let's go to lots of places together once summer break starts."
Akari looks glad.
"Okay!"
She nods firmly.
Akari's silky hair sways softly in the gentle breeze.
"Hey, <name>-chan."
"What is it?"
"Let's go to the beach."
"Oh, sounds good. Let's do it."
"And to a festival too."
"Sure."
"And we can watch fireworks."
"Sounds good."
"Let's always be together, okay?"
In response to Akari...
"Yeah."
I give her a strong nod.
Akari and I...
Our relationship had blurred lines for over a decade at this point.
We were like siblings but not. We were more than childhood friends but not a couple.
That was our relationship for a long time.
We were within each other's reach, but we saw a line we never wanted to cross.
But now it's different.
We can reach out for each other, embrace, and kiss.
We can be honest and express our love.
Our relationship has finally changed.
Akari is now the most important person in the world to me. She's irreplaceable.
Her eyes are as kind as ever.
Her feelings are genuine and sincere.
I love Akari from the bottom of my heart.
We snuggle together and keep watching the town as the sun sets.
It's the town we were born in.
It's the place we were raised in.
And…
It's the place where we found love.
We'll make a lot more memories together in this town from now on.
We have all the time in the world…
A few moments later...
"<name>-chan."
Akari whispers.
"Hm?"
"What are you thinking about?"
She asks, looking fondly at me.
"Probably the same thing as you."
I smile.
"What?"
"I want to kiss you."
Akari grins.
"Yeah, same here."
She nods.
Her soft smile is more precious than any jewel.
We slowly close our eyes.
I put a hand on her cheek and bring my face close to hers.
Then I softly press my lips to hers.
We've finally moved beyond our ambiguous relationship as childhood friends.
That long season has passed, and a new season has arrived.
A new chapter as boyfriend and girlfriend...
A breeze sweeps across the rooftop, bringing with it the chill of night.
I hug Akari and stroke her hair.
"<name>-chan…"
Akari's sweet whisper makes me smile.
