（あかり　回数イベント　２Ｆ）
（選択肢Ａ　いいぜ）
Well, no reason not to.
"Sure."
I nod.
"Okay then."
Akari grins.
"We haven't walked home together in a while."
"Now that you mention it, I guess we haven't."
We always come to school together in the morning, but since we're in different classes, we never do the same on the way back unless we happen to run into each other like this.
It's been a while.
Akari and I walk side by side.
I walk slower than I would on my own.
I've been matching Akari's pace a lot more lately, actually.
I didn't do that when we were younger.
I would race along, and Akari would jog to try and catch up.
One day I started to feel bad when I saw Akari out of breath.
"March already, huh? Time really flies."
"Oh yeah, isn't it the 3rd?
That means today is Hina Matsuri, Girls' Day, huh."
"Yep."
"Pretty forgettable holiday though.
I usually don't even realize it's happening if nobody mentions it."
"Maybe that's just what happens when you're not a kid anymore."
"Other Japanese holidays like Setsubun and Tanabata are the same way.
You remember them when they're brought up, and that's about it."
"I guess so."
"Isn't it weird to you that we have so little interest in Japanese holidays?"
"Yeah, maybe."
"I think we see them as minor holidays because we don't get the day off for them.
We get Marine Day and Showa Day off, so why not the other traditional Japanese holidays?"
"I think Tanabata actually comes from China."
"We should get the day off for Tanabata."
"What?"
"I'm not saying to do it right away.
Maybe in the next year or two."
"You'd need to become a politician to get that moving."
"You become a politician."
"Oh, I don't think I have what it takes."
"Giving up already? Pathetic.
That's the problem with you."
"I don't even know where this is going anymore.
Weren't we talking about Girls' Day?"
"Yep."
"Well…"
"I think it should be a day off."
"Ugh, geez..."
When we were little, I think Akari used to invite me and Masashi over for Girls' Day.
Her mother was always into traditional holidays like that.
As a cooking class and kimono dressing instructor, Akari's mother is a very kind person who loves children.
On days like Hina Matsuri, she would get us all together and cook for us.
I think she had Akari wear some cute kimonos too.
But we don't do any of that anymore.
I vaguely remember Shiho making a big deal of it back in the early days of middle school.
"Hey, do you still celebrate Girls' Day at home?"
"Not so much in the last few years."
"Then your Hina dolls are all put away?
That's too bad. You have some really nice ones."
"Yeah."
"Aren't they expensive?
So you spend a ton on those, then your daughter grows up and they're useless to you.
Sucks to be a parent."
"I-I guess so."
Akari says, her lips curling into a wry smile.
"Oh, speaking of Girls' Day…"
"Yeah?"
"Do you remember what happened?"
"What?"
What is she talking about?
A. I went on a rampage?
B. You wore fancy outfits?
C. I lent you money?
