（あかり　回数イベント　１Ｆ　１）
（Ａ　じつは貧乏性ネタにはうるさい）
"You're seriously asking me that?
Get ready, because we're going to be here for a while."
"What?"
"Let's start with the basics.
I always use black tea bags at least twice."
"That is pretty basic."
Masashi remarks.
"When you've used them a couple too many times to get much flavor out of them, you can use two of them in the same cup of tea to get more flavor.
But then it's like, do I really want to drink tea that badly?
By the end, it's basically just colored hot water though."
"Still, it's nice to feel like you're saving money."
"Oh, and when you're at the supermarket and they let you take as many plastic bags as you want, do you end up taking a bunch at once?"
"Oh, definitely."
Akari says.
"Then you fold them up and put them in a drawer so they're ready for whenever you need them, but you hardly ever have a real use for them."
"Totally."
"Do you have too many convenience store bags at your house?"
"Absolutely."
"You take them planning to use them as garbage bags at some point, but you never use as many as you take, so in the end you just throw a bunch out."
"Oh yeah, I do that!"
"I do the same thing with paper bags from department stores and cookie tins and stuff."
"With things like cookie tins I end up using them to store my accessories."
"And if there's one thing I never throw out, it's clothes.
Even if they're not in fashion anymore and I know I'll never wear them, I can't throw them away."
"Because you think maybe one day you'll have a reason to wear them again, right?"
"That's pretty frugal."
"I have socks with holes in them that I plan on throwing out, but then I end up washing them to wear one more time.
You ever do that?"
"Yep,
it's hard to throw something out when you just washed it."
"Knowing you'd be better off throwing something out and not being able to do it is as frugal as it gets."
"Yeah."
"Sometimes I'll open my wallet and find a bunch of coupons for places I don't even remember.
Then, I look closer and they're all expired."
"Oh, I have some of those right now."
"Okay, I'm going to test you guys and see if you're really frugal or not."
"Huh?"
"Okay, leftover cloth from hemming my jeans.
I have tons of that saved up in a drawer,
and I don't even know what I could use it for."
"Oh, same here."
"What about...
saving all the condiment packets you get when you eat out?"
"Yeah, I do that too."
"How about plastic forks and spoons? 
Anyone who washes and reuses those is pretty frugal."
"I have real spoons and stuff, but I still reuse the plastic ones."
"Same goes for having a drawer full of disposable chopsticks."
"Do you sort yours based on packaging? I do."
"Then there's the tissues they hand out at train stations.
I have a ton and I don't need them, but I feel like I'm saving money with them."
"It's easy to end up with too many of those.
There's never a time to use them, but they're hard to throw out."
"Also…"
This continued until I got home.
I can't believe we spent the whole thirty minute walk talking about ways to be cheap.
