（智子　日付イベント　１回目選択ＡＢＣの続き）
There were some jokes here and there, but there otherwise isn't
anything too memorable about the rest of the introductions.
The boys finish, so we move on to the girls.
Oh, Akari is next.
"I'm Akari Kamigishi. I was in Class C last year. My hobbies are
reading and cooking. It's nice to meet you all, and I hope we have
a good year."
She bows and sits down.
Ugh, so boring.
That was as basic as it gets.
Well, Akari isn't one to surprise anybody.
I would've been stunned if she did anything outside the box.
　あかりは小さい頃からそうだった。
She always does what's expected and never stands out.
She ends up fading into the background as a result.
That's kind of what makes her who she is, though.
Oh!
Hoshina's next.
I gotta pay attention to this.
"I'm Tomoko Hoshina. I was in Class C last year. I'm not in any
clubs, and I have no particular hobbies."
She says that and nothing more. Then, she sits down and closes her
eyes with an air of indifference.
Her introduction was as basic as Akari's.
However, while her introduction may have been basic, it was also
intimidating. She gave off a vibe that said, "don't bother me."
That's a big difference.
She seems like the type to make some enemies.
Some girls are already side-eyeing her and whispering.
Hoshina must have noticed it, but she ignores them.
I got this impression when I talked to her before, but she's kind
of a lone wolf.
Oh yeah, isn't she from Kansai?
I hear they don't get along too well with people in Kanto, so maybe
that's it.
Or maybe this is just her personality.
Watch out!
It's not right to judge people based on appearances and impressions.
She could just be in a bad mood today for all I know.
I need to be better.
　そんなこんなで、新しいクラスの自己紹介もひととおり終了した。
The teacher stands up to speak.
"Alright, introductions are taken care of. Next I'd like to pick out
the members of the class committee. We'll start with the class
representative and proceed from there."
And so, we move on to elect a class rep.
This always ends up taking a lot of time.
The problem is that nobody nominates themselves, which I guess is
to be expected.
Being on the class committee just means you have to do chores.
You'd have to be pretty weird to want that.
Still, it would be cruel to nominate someone else too.
So, everyone ends up acting apathetic and nobody joins.
"Well, if we have no candidates, then I'll decide."
Mr. Kibayashi sounds disappointed.
There are around forty students in all.
A one in forty chance of being named as class representative is no
small risk.
Everyone in the class (myself included) boo. Mr. Kibayashi gives us
a wry smile.
"Then I'll give you one more minute to think about it. If you can't
decide by then, I'll be the one to choose."
That's what it came down to.
It would've been easiest if someone just accepted the role quickly.
　お前やれ、お前やれと、そんな声が飛び交い、教室中がザワザワとにわかに騒ぎだす。
I open my notebook, write something in pen, tear the page out,
crumple it into a ball, and toss it to Akari.
It hits her head and falls to the floor.
Akari gives me a desperate look that seems to say, "What are you
doing?"
I point to the floor.
She picks up the ball of paper with confusion.
As soon as she opens it up and takes a look, her expression changes.
『お前を推薦してやろーか？』と書いてある。
Akari frantically looks at me and waves her hand to signal "No!"
「いいじゃねーか、お前やれよ」
「だめだめ、私、そういうのぜったい無理」
"Maybe I'll nominate you anyway."
「お願い、やめて、<name>ちゃん」
We communicate through mouth movements alone.
We'd known each other long enough that we could read each other's
lips.
However, Akari seems seriously opposed to the idea of being
nominated, so I decide not to do it.
Still, a part of me feels like doing something to draw attention to
herself could be good for Akari.
She's a hard worker and teachers like her, so I think it'd be the
perfect role for her.
On the other hand, she was never good about overseeing meetings or
anything.
Whatever, so Akari's out.
And Masashi sure isn't a good fit.
Hmmm...
That means I don't have anyone to nominate.
"Alright, it's been one minute."
Mr. Kibayashi looks at his watch.
"Then are there any candidates?"
...
The class immediately goes silent.
"Alright, no candidates. Then does anyone want to nominate someone?"
The silence continues.
Mr. Kibayashi slowly looks out over the students. Everyone is
trying their best to avoid making eye contact.
"Fine, then I'll pick. You can't complain now, can you?"
And then...
"I think Hoshina would be good!"
One girl speaks up.
It's one of the girls who was side-eyeing and whispering about
Hoshina earlier.
"She was Class C's representative last year too. I think she'd be
perfect!"
"Agreed!"
The girls sitting diagonally across from me chime in.
They were whispering earlier too.
"She's responsible, and she works hard! She's perfect!"
I thought Hoshina would be annoyed, but she actually seems calm,
almost like this wasn't even happening to her.
It's as if she's pretending not to hear.
Still, she must be hearing everything.
「どうだ、保科？
　
お前に推薦があったけど、やってみないか？」
Hoshina looks up and rises from her seat.
「そこの三人の推薦人が、どうしても…
って言うのやったら、べつにやっても構いませんけど」
Hoshina shoots the three girls an icy look.
The girls look down like they're intimidated.
They were clearly bullying her, but Hoshina just put up with it.
Wow, she's pretty cool.
「どうだ、そこの三人？
　
お前たちがぜひにって言うんなら、保科もやってくれるそうだぞ？」
The girls look at each other.
"N-No, I guess not.
じゃあ、ぜひ、お願いします。
Hoshina?"
One of them awkwardly smiles.
The other two remain silent and keep their heads down.
「そういうことらしいぞ、保科。
よし、じゃ、お前が委員長をやれ。
後の進行、任せるぞ」
"Yes."
Hoshina nods and walks up to the blackboard.
The room is silent aside from the sound of Hoshina's shoes on the
floor.
Hoshina wastes no time in selecting the remaining class committee
members, assigning people to cleaning duty, and so forth.
I've never seen a student lead homeroom so smoothly before.
Having been class rep last year, she seems to know what she's doing.
The most impressive part of it all is that Hoshina's intimidating
presence cuts down on the chatter in the classroom and prevents
interruptions.
When she speaks in her naturally indifferent tone, the class grows
tense, and all commotion disappears.
That ultimately gives us more time than planned.
We use the extra time to decide on seating assignments.
I end up sitting next to Hoshina.
"Hey, Class Rep."
"So, we're next to each other, huh? That's cool."
"She remains silent and looks away.
She still can't be friendly?
Now that I'm seeing her from the side, though...
She has a pretty good profile.
