（智子　エンディング）
（５月２日　夜）
（好感度イベント１２をみた）
（夜９時頃）
That night I relax at home for a while, then go out for dinner.
After eating at some random restaurant, I kill time at an arcade. By the time I leave, it's raining.
Ugh, seriously?
I didn't bring an umbrella.
I think about buying one at the convenience store nearby, but there's a number of people running without umbrellas.
I decide to do the same and run home.
I shield my eyes with my hands and jump over puddles as I run through the rainy park.
I'm already half soaked.
Crap...
Spring may be over, but the rain's still cold.
I'll have to shower when I get home.
I might get sick if I don't.
Once I'm almost through the park...
"<family>-kun."
"Hm?"
I hear my name and stop.
When I look into the darkness in the direction of the voice, someone is standing there in the cold rain without an umbrella.
She's wearing a familiar school uniform. It's...
"…"
"Class Rep?!"
"Oh, took you long enough.
If you didn't come, I don't know what I would've done."
"Wh-What are you doing here?"
"I was hoping to see you,
and after meeting you here before, I figured you'd eventually pass through if I waited long enough."
"Well, I do pass through here a lot.
But still, waiting without an umbrella?"
"It wasn't raining when I got here."
"It started raining a while ago."
"Yeah, maybe I've been waiting a long time.
Your fault for not coming sooner."
"That's ridiculous.
You're acting a little weird today.
Did something happen?"
I ask.
"…"
A look of anguish appears on her face.
"Class Rep?"
"<family>-kun..."
She says my name.
"<family>-kun, I, I…"
Tears larger than the raindrops pour out from behind her glasses.
"<family>-kun, <family>-kun, I…"
"Uhn, uhn,
Class... Rep?"
"waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Her calm and collected attitude is nowhere to be seen. Rain drenches her as she sobs.
I don't know what to do at first, but eventually I put a hand around her back and hug her head close.
She presses her face into my chest and keeps crying.
"waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
As the downpour continues...
Cold rain and overflowing tears soak the inner part of her glasses.
I take the Class Rep home with me.
I can't leave her there like that. She would've caught a cold.
"…"
"Don't just stand there. Come in."
When I say that, she gives me a shy smile.
"But I'm all wet."
"Yeah, that's why I'm telling you to come inside.
You can take a shower. You've got to get warmed up."
"<family>-kun, is anyone else here?"
"Wait,
have I never told you?
My parents are away from home for work."
"Really?"
"Anyway, come inside already."
"Okay…"
She warms her cold body with a hot shower.
We toss her wet uniform in the dryer, and I lend her one of my shirts.
I have her wait in my room and take a shower myself.
The shower feels nice on my freezing skin.
"Yo."
"…"
I return to my room with a cup of coffee in each of my hands. The Class Rep's usual intimidating vibe is gone. She's quietly waiting in my room, as meek as a kitten.
"So you waited for me like a good girl?"
I smile.
"…"
A conflicted look appears on her face.
"Here, drink."
I hold a mug out to her.
She takes it with both hands.
Blowing on the coffee, she holds the mug up to her lips.
She takes a sip.
"I-It's so bitter."
She grimaces.
"What the heck?
You brought it to me black?"
"Can you not drink coffee without sugar?"
"No.
I need sugar and milk."
I snort when I hear that.
"Wh-What's the big deal?"
She blushes a little before pouting at me.
I end up going to fetch some milk and sugar.
"Wh-What are you smiling about?"
"I just think it's unexpectedly cute that you need milk and sugar with your coffee."
"S-So what if I do?"
"I'm not saying it's bad.
Just that it's cute."
She gives me a sour look.
"You can be kind of a jerk, <family>-kun."
"Oh yeah?
I think I'm a pretty good guy, personally."
"You say mean stuff all the time."
"Mean?
Do I?"
"It's even worse if you don't realize it."
She smiles.
She finally seems to have calmed down and returns to her usual self.
We drink coffee together.
When I finish mine, I casually speak up.
"Y'know,
I was shocked you were waiting for me there."
"…"
"You could've just come to my house."
"I didn't know where your house was."
"Then you could've called or something."
"I don't know your number."
"But you could've..."
I'm about to say something, but I stop myself.
She's hanging her head low, and she has a gravely serious look on her face.
"Man, I guess it is what it is..."
Smiling wryly, I sigh.
"So what happened anyway?"
I ask.
"There has to be a reason...
you came to see me."
"Yeah."
Still staring at the floor, she nods.
"Then tell me about it.
Maybe I can help you out."
"…"
"…"
"…"
But she just keeps her head down and doesn't answer.
"You weren't acting like yourself."
"…"
"I never would've thought you could cry like that."
"…"
"Whatever happened must've hit you pretty hard."
"…"
"…"
"…"
She says nothing at first, but with enough patience, she eventually starts to open up.
"I think I've told you before about why I want to go back to Kobe."
"Yeah, because there's a guy you like and he told you to come back,
right?"
"Yeah."
She nods.
"What about it?"
"Yesterday, I talked to a girl I was friends with back there, and…"
"And what?"
When I encourage her to keep talking, she stares at a single point on the floor and continues.
"Then, she shared a secret with me."
"What kind of secret?"
"It was about him."
"Him being the guy you like?"
She nods.
"Apparently, he's dating my best friend now."
"What?"
"They're in the same high school, and I guess they started dating as soon as high school started.
I had no idea."
"So right after you moved here?"
She weakly nods.
"They'd been close since middle school, so it's not that weird.
But why'd they have to keep it a secret from me?"
"…"
"Evidently, they've liked each other since middle school,
but it was hard for them to speak up about their feelings because I was always between them."
"I see..."
"I guess they didn't want to say anything because they care about me, but I can't say I appreciate it.
It's not like it would've ruined our friendship.
I thought we were close enough to not keep secrets."
Her voice grows shakier.
Tears well up in her eyes.
"They could have started dating in middle school. They didn't have to worry about me.
This just makes me feel like a nuisance."
"Class Rep..."
"I've spent so much time thinking about going back there that I haven't made a single friend here. I've just been studying to get into a university there."
"…"
"I guess I'm just stupid.
What would I even say if I went back there now?"
She lets out some self-mocking laughter.
Large tears pour from behind her glasses.
"All it took was one phone call to make it clear that everything I've been doing is pointless.
I'm so stupid I could cry."
She pushes up her glasses and wipes her eyes with the backs of her hands.
However, more tears replace those she wiped away.
"When you want to cry, just do it.
Cry as hard as you can."
I offer my advice.
"You can cry when you're hurt.
That's what people do.
Better to just let it out than bottle it up.
You can even cry into my chest if you want to."
"Fujita…
kun…"
I'm joking about the last part.
I'm setting her up to laugh at me for that.
And yet…
"Uhn, waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
"Cl-Class Rep..."
She does what I say and presses her face against my chest, crying hard.
"Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
<family>-kuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun!"
"Class Rep..."
I'm unsure what to do at first, but I eventually wrap my arms around her and pat her back.
We can hear the heavy rain outside.
The noise mixes with the sound of her cries.
She keeps sobbing into my chest.
I want to do whatever I can to support her fragile, vulnerable heart.
Some time later, the dryer finally finishes drying her uniform.
She changes into the uniform and tells me she's heading home.
"You were right, <family>-kun."
Crying made me feel a lot better for some reason."
She says, grinning.
"It was my honor."
"What?"
"To be the first person you thought of...
when you were hurt."
I smile.
"I-I just don't have anyone else close to me who'd listen to me whine."
She bashfully replies.
I can't help but smile.
"Wh-What's with the grin?"
"Oh, it's nothing."
"What the heck?"
"Do you have time to make the last train, by the way?"
"Yeah,
there's still time.
I'll have to hurry a little though."
"It's still raining out there."
"Oh yeah.
Can I borrow an umbrella?"
"Y-Yeah, sure."
I give her an umbrella.
"Thanks for everything today."
She says,
smiling.
"Y-Yeah, coming."
She puts her hand on the door.
Looking at her back, I say…
A. You should spend the night here.
B. See you at school.
