（智子　好感度イベント１
１回目）
（土曜以外）
（好感度が　２５以上のとき）
（好感度イベント１０を見たフラグがＯＮの場合）
（昼休み）
（休み時間）
It's lunch time.
After quickly finishing my usual boring lunch-sandwiches from the student store and a café au lait-I leave the classroom and head to the roof.
As soon as I step outside, blinding sunlight strikes me.
Hmmm...
With nice weather like this, she's got to be around here somewhere.
I look around.
"Oh, there she is."
I quickly spot the back of someone who seems to be the person I'm looking for, and as I get closer, I call out to them.
"Hey, Class Rep!"
"<family>-kun…"
She looks surprised.
It looks like she had just finished her lunch too.
"Hey, eating on the roof again?"
"What do you want?"
Rather than answer my question, she responds coldly, as usual.
Still, in that coldness, I hear something friendlier than before.
"Nothing in particular."
"What?"
"I just wanted to thank you for the help in English class."
"What,
is that all?"
She lets out a small laugh and leans against the wire mesh.
"I wasn't trying to help, really.
I hate when people waste the class's time."
She squints and stares into the distance.
"You don't have to be such a jerk about it."
"Hehe."
She laughs.
It's a soft laugh.
A breeze blows through.
It tousles her bangs and makes the hem of her skirt flutter.
"…"
It's just an ordinary moment of an ordinary day.
But it's oddly picturesque.
We both fall silent for some reason.
It's not a suffocating silence, but a natural one.
The Class Rep smiles and gazes down at the town.
I observe her face from the side.
After a fairly long silence, Class Rep suddenly speaks up.
"I'm tired of fretting over nonsense."
She says.
"What?"
I ask her to repeat herself.
"It's like something you said before."
"Me?"
"The town really looks like a playset from up here. Makes people feel insignificant, y'know?
Like all the things we fret over are just silly. …You said that, right?"
"Yeah,
I think so."
But it was just the first thing that came to mind when I was trying to cheer her up.
"I laughed at how goofy that sounded at the time, but I feel the same way, if I'm being honest."
"…"
"Whenever I'm feeling down, I tend to come up here and enjoy the view."
"I see…"
"It's a tiny town with tiny buildings with tiny windows, and its people are even tinier than that. We're like specks. That does make any individual's problems feel meaningless."
"…"
"When I think about how my sadness is as small as these specks, I feel ridiculous for getting down over nothing."
"Makes sense."
I nod.
"Nothing much to gain from worrying about the little things."
"Sorry,

were you just trying to copy my accent?"
"Not bad, right?"
"Not even close, stupid."
"Well,
how does it sound when you say it?"
"'Nothing much to gain from worrying about the little things.'"
"That's totally how I sounded!"
"Ahaha, maybe."
We laugh.
We're getting along weirdly well.
