（智子　好感度イベント１２回目）
（好感度が　２５以上のとき）
（好感度イベント１１を見ている場合）
（好感度イベント１１とは違う日に発生）
（午後９時１５分）
（ゲーセン）
That night...
On my way home from returning a video to the rental store I frequent...
I see a girl in our school's uniform outside the arcade.
She's playing the crane game with a serious look on her face. When I look closer, it turns out to be the Class Rep.
Huh.
Class Rep seems so serious and uptight. I'm surprised to see her playing at the arcade.
Maybe there's some prize she wants.
"But still…"
I check a nearby clock for the time.
It's 9:15.
This is no time for high schoolers to be hanging around in their uniforms.
Presumably, this was a stop on her way home, but what's she doing out so late?
Then I remember something Shiho said once.
"I know how she looks, but there are some surprisingly dark rumors about her."
"Apparently, people see her out late in her school uniform every night.
Just the other day, she was spotted out late with a boy."
"I saw it too though.
It was in front of the station. Hoshina was wearing a nice outfit and was taking a selfie with some handsome old guy.
Can you believe that?!
It's like I found proof that the rumors were true."
"But that being said, it's kinda normal for girls nowadays.
Maybe it's how she de-stresses after studying so hard and stuff."
Shiho is a walking rumor mill, so I don't particularly trust the things she says. Still, now that I'm looking at Class Rep in an arcade, I'm a little curious.
What's really going on?
Well, I won't learn anything from just thinking about it.
She's right there, so I can just talk to her and clear things up.
With that thought in mind, I'm about to approach her from behind when...
*BAM*
*BAM*
The Class Rep starts kicking the machine like she's upset that she couldn't get the prize..
"Whoa!"
My eyes go wide.
How crass!
A young man that seems to work at the arcade runs over.
"Y-You can't do that, Miss."
Then, she rips into him.
"What the heck?!

Even when the claw grabs it, it falls out!

This is impossible!"
"I-It's not impossible."
"Yes it is!

This claw's absurdly weak!

How are you supposed to get a prize with this?"
"I-It can be done.
A lot of customers have done it, actually."
"Liar!
　
I haven't seen a single person do it."
"We do have to replace the prizes, so someone must get them."
"Then you try it!

If you can get a prize, I won't complain."
"Th-That's ridiculous."
"Ridiculous?!

You just said it's possible!

What's ridiculous is that you're cheating people out of their money with this impossible game!"
"Al-Alright,
then I can give you the prize you were trying to get."
"You think giving me a prize is enough to make me shut up and leave?!"
"N-No, that's not my intention."
The employee is thoroughly distressed.
Class Rep is being super immature.
Unable to sit back and watch, I get in between them.
"Alright, let's try and relax."
"<family>-kun…"
Stunned, she whispers my name.
"Haha, sorry.
She's got a short temper.
So, uh, can she get that prize.
She'll leave quietly then."
"Hey, <family>-kun!
　
Stay out of it!"
With Class Rep yelling at me, the arcade employee promptly took out a huge bear plushie, and handed it to me.
"I hope this one prize is enough."
"Oh, yeah, thanks."
The employee bows and flees back into the arcade.
Once we were alone, Class Rep says...
"Hey, <family>-kun, what's the big idea?!"
"Y'know, there's nothing wrong with wanting to win,
but complaining when you lose is a bad look."
"I didn't lose. That machine's just rigged."
"You lost when you failed to distinguish between which games are winnable and which ones aren't."
"Ugh..."
"You should be able to figure out if a machine's gonna pay out after one try.
If it doesn't look like it is, stop immediately.
That's pretty basic."
"Yeah, but the prize I wanted was only in that machine."
"Then just give up."
"They don't sell these at regular stores. If I didn't win it now, someone else could have won it tomorrow."
"What's so great about this ugly bear anyway?"
I hold the prize right in front of my eyes.
"I'm not sure either, honestly.
When I couldn't get it with the first hundred yen,
it made me want it really bad."
"How much did you end up spending?"
"Around two-thousand yen,
I think."
"Man, what a waste of money.
If some store was selling that bear for two-thousand yen, would you have bought it?"
"Pr-Probably not."
"Right?"
"Th-That argument only works in hindsight.
If I'd known at the start that I would've ended up spending two-thousand yen, I never would've tried.
I just happened to have three-hundred yen on hand and figured I'd give it a shot.
When I couldn't get the prize I wanted, it made me mad and I couldn't stop."
"You could've just stopped after three-hundred yen."
"Yeah, you can say that now!

At the time, I thought maybe the next hundred yen would get it.
I didn't want that three-hundred yen to go to waste, so I didn't want to leave with nothing."
"Classic example of the sunk cost fallacy.
Well, the same thing has happened to me, so I get it."
"You've had a similar experience?"
"You could say that."
"With the same machine?"
"Just between you and me, I've got a dog plushie that cost twelve-thousand yen."
"Twelve-thousand?!

You could build a house with that kinda money!"
"No you can't!"
"So where do you get off criticizing me when you've made the same mistake?"
"I'm just relaying what I learned."
"So...
　
if a store was selling that dog plushie for twelve-thousand yen…"
"I wouldn't buy it, no."
"Well, knowing that you're that dumb makes me feel a little better."
"Tch, I shouldn't have said anything."
We laugh.
After a brief pause...
"So, Class Rep, why are you out so late?"
I ask what I was curious about to begin with.
"…"
In that instant, her face darkens slightly.
What?
Maybe I shouldn't have asked.
"You haven't been home yet, have you?"
She still has her school uniform on, so I'm probably right.
"Don't tell me you've been hanging out at the arcade this whole time."
She hangs her head and doesn't answer.
Why's she being so quiet?
Does she not want to answer the question?
"Can you not tell me where you were?
Were you at a boyfriend's place or something?"
I tease.
"Why would that be it?"
She finally responds.
"You're not dating anyone?"
"Nope."
"How could that be?
You're smart and pretty enough to get a boyfriend or two if you wanted."
"Who needs two?"
"Fair point."
"And who are you to talk?"
She suddenly strikes back.
"Me?
Haha, well…"
"Aren't you pretty close with Kamigishi and Nagaoka?
Couldn't you get with either of them?"
"We don't have that kind of relationship."
How the hell did we get on this subject?
"We're getting off topic.
What I wanted to know is why you're staying out so late."
I force the conversation back on track.
Now it feels like I'm the one being evasive.
Class Rep pauses for a bit,
then sighs.
With an exhausted look...
"For cram school."
She answers tersely.
"Cram school?"
"Yeah,
I go four times per week."
"I see, cram school."
I'm a bit relieved.
"Then why hide it?"
"I wasn't trying to hide it.
I just didn't want to be reminded of unpleasant stuff."
"What happened?"
She shakes her head.
"It was nothing serious."
"…"
"…"
"…"
"…"
The conversation comes to a halt.
It's a sort of a painful silence.
I come up with something else to talk about.
"Hey, so you take the train, right?
I can walk to the station with you."
"…"
"I'm sure fate brought us together tonight.
We could keep chatting while―"
"I've got a better idea, <family>-kun…"
She interrupts me.
"Hm?"
"If you've got time, why don't we talk somewhere quiet?"
"What?"
Her suggestion surprises me.
I'm a little unsure.
"I-I guess I could."
"In that case..."
"But are you sure you have time? 
It'll be 10 or 11 by the time you get home.
Do you have a curfew?"
"No."
"Oh, wow.
Your family must be pretty hands-off.
I'd think your dad would get pretty pissed about it."
"I don't have a dad."
"What?!"
"It's just me and my mom."
"Oh…"
Right, I think Shiho said something about this.
"Sorry."
"It's fine.
I say I don't have a dad, but he's not dead or anything."
Her lips curl into a wry smile.
"My parents are just divorced.
He's fine."
"Oh, yeah, alright."
"Maybe I should've put that differently."
She grins.
We arrive at the park.
We're planning to stop at whatever restaurant might still be open, but we end up walking all the way here.
The park is, of course, empty and silent by now.
The street lamps glow white.
"Here."
I buy two cans of coffee from a vending machine and toss one to Class Rep.
"Oh…"
"I got it hot. Do you like it hot?"
"Yeah."
We crack the cans open.
She holds hers in both hands and touches her lips to the steaming opening.
I watch her sip coffee as I gulp mine down.
Spring is almost over.
Even the latest-blooming cherry blossoms have lost their petals. The night breeze is warm.
It's warm enough that cold coffee might've been nice, but we're both in the mood to slowly sip on hot coffee.
We stop talking, and time seems to pass slowly.
We can hear the commotion of the night in the distance.
The sounds of cars...
Of rustling leaves...
We're alone together on this spring night.
My heart thumps strangely fast.
"Haha."
I break the silence with an unintended laugh.
"What?"
"Well, I was just thinking that a young guy and girl silently sipping coffee together must look kinda silly."
"Hehe, well, you're right about that."
We're both about halfway finished with our coffees.
"You said you go to cram school four times per week?
Sounds hard."
"It's normal if you're planning to go to college."
"I only really study before tests."
"You do seem like that kinda person."
"Do you always go home this late?"
"Most of the time, I guess."
"You live a rough life.
Don't have much time for fun, do you?"
"Not so much, no."
I figured.
There's no way she could be screwing around at night.
Those rumors were probably just lies, after all.
"It sounds like your life is nothing but studying.
That has to be stressful."
"…"
Alright.
I'm gonna do something for her.
I toss back the rest of my coffee, then...
"Hey, Class Rep, sit down over there."
I point to a bench.
"What?"
"Just do it."
I push her over to the bench and basically force her to sit down.
Then, I got behind her and put my hands on her shoulders.
"<family>-kun?"
She tries to turn around, but I stop her.
"Sit still."
"Umm?"
"You have to be exhausted from studying constantly.
I'll massage your shoulders for you."
"What?!
　
You really don't have to do that."
"Oh, just let me do it.
I need to repay you for helping me in class."
"That wasn't a big deal.
"I'm sure I don't look like it, but I give a pretty good massage.
I'm an expert, heh heh heh."
"Y-You just made it sound even worse somehow..."
Despite her initial hesitance, I eventually manage to win her over with my usual enthusiasm.
Her shoulders are more narrow than they looked.
It feels like too much force could break her. I'm careful not to hurt her.
"You're awfully stiff, Miss."
"…"
"Yeah, really stiff.
Most high school girls don't have shoulders like this."
"R-Really?"
"Maybe. I wouldn't know."
"What the heck?"
She's tense at first, but her shoulders eventually relax.
Now she's calm and letting my hands work.
"So do you go to the arcade often?"
I ask as I rub her shoulders.
"Sometimes.
Just when I have time to kill.
I went with my old friends pretty often back before I moved though."
"You're from Kobe, right?"
"Yeah.
There was a girl who loved this stuff.
She filled her whole room with plushies."
She closes her eyes and reminisces.
"Hmph."
Wow.
People accuse her of being so serious and uptight, but she has fun in the same ways as girls like Shiho.
I guess that makes sense.
She's just a normal girl too.
"Anyway, I got to see a different side of you today. That was nice."
I chuckle.
"What do you mean?"
"Like when you got pissed off at the arcade."
"W-Well, yeah,
I was mad."
"I thought you were the kind of person who's always calm and collected."
"I-I was just in a bad mood today."
She blushes and hangs her head low.
"In a bad mood, huh?
Oh yeah,
didn't you say something bad happened?"
"…"
"What happened?"
"…"
She doesn't answer.
It doesn't seem like she wants to talk about it.
That's fine.
I don't want to pry.
I'll just not mention it again.
However, no sooner do I think that than…
"My test scores...
fell."
She murmurs.
"What?"
"I dropped in the rankings...
for our practice exams at cram school."
"By how much?"
"A lot."
"Really?"
I can't imagine what "a lot" means to her.
But she still has to be higher than me or Shiho.
"I'm sure you're just in a slump.
You'll be fine next time.
You're smart."
I knead her shoulders hard.
"Well, I've had a lot on my mind lately and it's been hard to study."
"You mean like the stuff with the notebook?"
"That was nothing.
It's something more..."
More?
More what?
"Is something bothering you?"
She nods.
"Well, it's pretty basic."
She sighs.
"What is it?
Maybe I can help."
I keep massaging.
"Mn…"
"C'mon, you can tell me anything."
I say, still rubbing her shoulders.
"…"
She closes her eyes and thinks for a while before whispering.
"I want to go back to Kobe."
Her voice is so weak that I barely hear her.
My hands stop.
"I'm exhausted,
and I'm tired of living here."
She looks as tired as she claims to be.
She looks down and hugs the bag in her lap.
Bathed in the glow of the street lights, her back looks strangely delicate and fragile.
"…"
I had gotten the feeling that she wanted to go home to Kobe before.
But I didn't realize it was weighing on her this much.
"What do you like so much more about Kobe?"
"A lot of things."
"Like what?
Do you feel bad that you sound different from people here?"
"There's that,
but I can't explain exactly what it is that I don't like.
I just don't feel like I fit in here in general."
"Yeah,
that doesn't explain much."
"It's hard to put into words."
After a moment of silence, she continues.
"But...
the biggest reason is that I can't see my close friends anymore."
"Your friends?"
"Yeah.
It's hard to be alone.
You need some friends to support you."
"Agreed."
"I never felt that way at the time, but I really miss them now that they're gone."
"I'm sure you talk to them on the phone, right?"
"When I do, all it does is make me feel lonelier."
"I see."
"…"
"…"
This is getting kind of depressing.
"So are these friends girls?
Or guys?"
"Why do you want to know?"
"I'm just curious."
"Well, there are both girls and guys."
"Is there a boyfriend?"
"N-No,
I told you I don't have a boyfriend."
"Really, though?
You're getting kinda flustered."
"I-I am not..."
Trailing off, Class Rep looks down as if embarrassed.
"You're blushing."
I tease, hoping to get a reaction out of her.
Then...
"I don't have a boyfriend,
but there was a guy I liked."
She says it matter-of-factly.
"Oh, huh."
"…"
I want to tease her.
I want to crack a joke to lighten the mood.
But I can't speak.
"My parents abruptly got divorced right before I took high school entrance exams. I ended up with my mom, so I was forced to move here with her."
"…"
"I was supposed to attend a high school in Kobe, but at the last minute, we ended up settling on the school I'm at now."
"Oh, I see."
I always wondered why such a good student was attending our school, but that makes sense.
She had no choice because she moved.
"It all happened so fast that I didn't have time to emotionally process things before Mom took me here to start my new life.
I still always wonder why I have to be here."
"…"
"But what's kept me going is what that boy I'm friends with said at our middle school graduation."
"What'd he say?"
"He said
to come back after I graduate high school
so we can go
to the same college."
"Heheh, that almost makes me jealous."
"I only even started talking to you because he told me I should."
"What?"
"When I told him about you on the phone, he got mad and said I ought to be friendlier with you."
"…"
"He said he was sure you're a nice guy."
"He sounds smart."
"He can be overconfident about these things. He's a little like you in that way."
She smiles.
To be honest, I was feeling jealous.
When she talked about him, the look on her face was one I'd never seen before.
It was clear how much she cared about this guy.
Honestly, something about it bothered me.
"So I'm planning to at least go to college there.
If I get accepted, I can commute from my dad's place and hang out with my friends again."
"…"
"That's why I can't let my grades slip.
The school I'm trying to get into is pretty selective.
Honestly, it'll be hard getting into it from this high school.
If I was only as good as the rest of you, they'd never accept me."
"And that's why you do nothing but study?"
"...I have to."
"And when you're too stressed, you blow off steam at the arcade?
It's like you're sacrificing your high school life for this university."
"That's fine."
"Feels kind of sad to me."
"This is how it is for anyone trying to go to college."
"…"
"It's hard for everyone, not just me."
Maybe she's right.
She's on her own path.
But it's not for me.
"Well, whatever your goal is, you're doing your best.
I just spend my days doing whatever, so I have to respect it."
"I'm not really
that great."
"No,
I know you're doing the best you can."
"…"
"So, here's a reward."
I start massaging again.
"Geez, enough already."
However, I continue.
"M-Massages can be addictive. You shouldn't overdo it."
"It does look like you're enjoying it.
C'mon now."
I keep rubbing her shoulders.
"Ahhh…"
She exhaled, sighing despite herself.
"Oh, that was sexy."
"Hey..."
"Well? Feel good?"
"Wh-What the hell?"
"How about here? Does it feel good here?"
"Ngh…"
I keep at it,
still massaging her shoulders.
Then, after massaging her in silence for a while...
I lower my voice and whisper.
"Hey, Class Rep."
"Yeah?"
"Studying hard is all well and good, but you could try making some friends too."
"…"
"There will always be some people you just don't vibe with, but you've got to at least try."
"…"
"You can start by getting to know my friends,
like Akari and Masashi.
They're good people, and I think they're easy to get along with.
Akari even said she wanted to get to know you."
"She did?"
"Yeah.
You're smart and pretty. She thinks you're cool."
"…"
There's also Shiho, but I couldn't entirely recommend talking to her.
Both Shiho and Class Rep have egos, and I feel like they'd end up clashing.
Actually, maybe they'd get each other. They could be best friends.
But probably not.
"Anyway, just talk to people more.
You can't be so gloomy all the time.
That's how you get nasty rumors about you."
I finish and wait for her to speak.
"Like those rumors about how I'm screwing around with boys at night?"
She gives me a dry smile.
"What?"
"That's what people say about me."
She sounded irked.
"A boy at my cram school from another high school told me."
From another high school?
The rumors spread that far?
"He thought they were real and begged me to hang out with him."
"What happened with that?"
"He just wouldn't take no for an answer, so I ended up whacking him in the face with my bag."
"That's kind of extreme."
But I was relieved to hear it.
"So it is just a rumor, right?"
I ask with a goofy grin.
She looks away.
"Actually, I..."
She whispers.
"What?"
"Well, would you believe me if I said they were true?"
"N-No way."
She giggles.
"Hehe, but they could be true, for all you know.
If I asked to sleep at your house tonight, what would you do?"
"Don't be silly."
"What if I'm being serious?"
"…"
She stares right at me.
Why's she asking this?
She's waiting for an answer.
A. Then come with me.
B. Don't tease me.
