（志保　日付イベント１）
When I sit down, I hear shouts growing closer from out in the hall.
"Hey, hey, big news!"
I look and see Shiho, as expected.
Does she have to be so loud so early in the morning?
I fear that making eye contact might get me dragged into something,
so I lay my head on my desk and pretend to sleep.
"Oh, time for more Shiho Info."
"What's the 'big news' today?"
Students gather around in anticipation.
Meanwhile, Shiho starts to write the headline on the blackboard.
　三度のメシよりおしゃべり好きな志保は、同じようなおしゃべり仲間を集めたあやしい情報ネットワークを持っている。
She calls the latest information 'Shiho Info' and brings it to us,
but most of it is false.
Thanks to that, Shiho has come to be called a walking gossip show.
However, despite the misinformation, 'Shiho Info' has a lot of
surprisingly diehard fans.
They aren't interested in the information so much as hearing Shiho
talk, but that's unfortunately enough to encourage her.
It creates a vicious cycle.
"Yep, looks like pretty much everyone's here. Aside from that one
guy pretending to sleep."
Shiho says it loud enough for me to hear.
I raise my head.
"Shut up and leave me out of this."
Then, I lay my head down again.
"I know you secretly want to hear this more than anyone. Why can't
you be honest with yourself?"
"I'm not interested in your made up stories."
I say, responding without bothering to pick my head up.
"Hmph, yet you're still listening. Whatever, forget you."
Then, she starts talking to everyone in such a way that she could
be sure I hear too.
「で、大ニュースっていうのは──」
"Last night I was at karaoke with some friends, and I went home late.
I wanted to go back on the earliest train possible, so I had to cut
down a street with some love hotels. Y'know, one of those places.
Normally, I'd look around for any juicy stories, but I wasn't up
for it that day. And yet the God of Gossip always seems to be
watching over me!
Just then, a couple came out of a nearby hotel.
　
Moving at mach speed, I hid behind a vending machine and watched.
To my surprise, that couple was...
　
次回、学園事件記者志保ちゃん『謎のカップル後編』に──」
Shiho abruptly starts delivering a preview of the next episode.
"Hey, Nagaoka!"
"You can't just end it there!"
"Nwahaha, just kidding. I saw Mr. So."
"Mr. So?"
"The math teacher?"
I can't believe what I just heard.
Mr. So is Mr. Taniguchi, the math teacher.
He always says 'So then' and 'So yeah' and such throughout his
classes, so the students gave him the nickname.
Some students even count how many times he says it in an hour.
"Yep, that's it.
あたしから見て１５は若い女の人を連れてたのよ。
ネー君、あんな若い奥さんいたっけな～って」
"Really?"
"Are you serious?"
"I can't believe Mr. So did that!"
Everyone believes Shiho and starts whispering their opinions to
each other.
My classmates are wrong to believe her, but Shiho is ultimately to
blame for providing this information.
I stand up and approach the circle of gossips.
"Hey, you shouldn't believe everything she says."
"What the heck? You finally get up and that's what you say?"
「お前もいい加減な情報を吹き込むんじゃねえよ」
"Where do you get off calling me a liar?"
「ならひとつ聞くけどな、そいつはホントにネー君だったんだろうな？」
"What? Do you doubt my eyes?"
"I just want to know if you checked to be sure. You could've
mistaken someone else for him."
"Check how? You think I should've gone and asked if he's Mr.
Taniguchi?"
"That would be one way, at least, but you could've gotten photos or
some other concrete proof."
"It sucks, but as much as I would've wanted proof, it was too dark
to use a camera."
　志保は、使い捨てカメラは持っていたがフラッシュがたけなきゃ無理だとか、仮にたいてもレンズが小さいからハッキリ写らなかったとか散々それっぽい言い訳を通した。
「──というわけで、残ったのはあたしの証言だけって寸法なのよ」
"Nothing's less reliable than your testimony."
"Wh-Wh-What'd you say?!"
「お前が品行方正な優等生だっていうなら、その話は信じてやる。
けどな、日頃からいい加減な情報流してるオメーの言うことをどれだけ信用できるっつーんだ。
なあ、みんな？」
I ask.
"A middle-aged teacher at a love hotel with a young girl isn't
impossible, but..."
"It does sound like something you'd lie about."
They're just about split on whether it's true or not.
「ほれ見ろ。
お前の言うことなんざこの程度の信用度だ。
５０％もあるだけマシだろ？」
I say it with as much disgust as I can muster.
Shiho's face turns red.
"Grrrrr, you suck! Sometimes I'm wrong, but that still means
sometimes I'm right!"
Shiho gets upset and, after making that silly statement, runs out
of the classroom.
She leaves in the direction opposite her own class.
She must have been planning to deliver the same information to the
next class over.
Well, at least I drove her off.
