（志保　好感度イベントＰＳ）
It's almost time for me and Shiho to meet up.
Maybe I should get going.
She's annoying when I'm late.
I arrive at the station five minutes early.
It seems like I avoided any complaining, at least.
「おいこら、<name>っ！」
"Huh?
　…って、お前かよ」
"You're late."
"No I'm not. Look, I'm five minutes early."
I point to the station's clock.
"I got here fifteen minutes ago."
"Probably just because the train was early."
"Nope, if a train happened to leave early, it'd be bad for everyone."
"Can you just not do this tedious quibbling?"
"I'd prefer if you called it fun quibbling."
Shiho usually arrives after whenever we agreed to meet.
According to her, it's a strategy to draw more attention to herself.
　ま、さすがに電車は待ってくれないから、時間どおりだったのだろうけど。
「ともかく、珍しくお前が遅れずに来たんだ。
オレが悪かったことにしてやる」
"Apologizing? How polite of you."
"I always am."
　いつもどおりのやり取りのあと、オレたちは１０時６分発の電車に乗り込んだ。
・
・
・
We travel for about an hour, changing trains once.
After ten minutes of walking from the station, we reach our
destination: The Solar System Tour.
The inside of the building looks like something out of a sci-fi
movie.
It's like we're in the future.
「<nick>、搭乗手続き済ませるんだって」
"Y-Yeah?"
Shiho talks like we were in a sci-fi story too.
・
・
・
Some time after we board the shuttle, it's finally time for takeoff.
"We're gonna go to space."
Shiho is seated by the window.
"Nah. They're just playing an animation outside the window, right?"
"Can't you use your imagination?"
Eventually, the seats start to vibrate.
An announcement tells us that the engine is about to start up.
"Oooh!"
The shuttle begins to accelerate, pushing my body against the seat.
Damn.
We have to be inside the building, so how are they doing this?!
I can't figure it out. The scenery outside the windows disappears
beneath us, telling us that the shuttle has taken off.
A full moon is in the night sky.
「すっご～い。
ねえねえ<nick>、あそこ、どの辺りかしら？」
Shiho points down at the world below.
"Thank you for choosing
to fly with United Space
Airlines.
This shuttle will soon leave the atmosphereand fly at sub-light
speed to Venus, its first destination."
　そんなアナウンスが終わる頃、窓の外には青い地平線が見えていた。
"Look! Planet Earth is blue."
"Wow..."
"You can see so many stars!"
The stars are clear and bright in the sky.
I've never seen that many stars before.
I peer down through the window and faintly see the light of a city
in some unknown country.
Looking at the horizon, it seems like morning would come soon.
"I'm speechless.
　こうやって見ると、地球って綺麗だよな…。
　たぶん『綺麗』なんて言葉は、こんなときに使うんだな。
As I think to myself, the shuttle flies through the night and
arrives in the day.
Black shutters suddenly lower over the windows.
The shutters are just tinted like sunglasses, so we can still see
outside.
"The sun will soon be in sight.The solar rays are far stronger here
than on Earth,so please don't look directly at the sun unless
it'sthrough the tinted windows."
Following that announcement, the sun's gleaming light appears from
behind the Earth.
Even with the shutters, it's blinding.
Looking at this too long might actually wreck my eyes.
"The shuttle is now reaching sub-light speed.There will be some
shaking when inertia dissipates,so please check your seatbelts."
A few moments after the announcement, the scenery suddenly changes.
The stars in the sky gradually gather before us.
The farthest stars are red, turning yellow as we advance, then
green, and finally blue.
It's like a rainbow.
"The shuttle has reached sub-light speed.We are currently flying at
650,000,000 miles per hour.The distorted scenery you're seeing is a
phenomenoncalled a starbow that occurs at sub-light speed."
"650,000,000 miles per hour? Is that a joke?"
An F1 racer maxes out at around two-hundred miles per hour.
650,000,000 is incomprehensible!
"Isn't it amazing?"
"How many minutes to Osaka at this speed?"
"I dunno, maybe one?"
"Seriously? Actually calculate it."
「あんたしなさいよ」
We argue for a couple of minutes until...
"Thank you for waiting.To the lower right you can see Venus, the
second planet in the Solar System.
　金星は「明けの明星」などと呼ばれ──』
Eventually, the scenery returns to normal and an announcement plays.
Shiho and I peer out the window.
"Oh, look at that."
Opposite the glaring sun, we can see a pale yellow planet.
That's Venus?
『──濃硫酸の厚い雲に覆われ、地表の様子を見ることはできません。
The atmosphere is primarily composed of carbon dioxide.The surface
has a high atmospheric pressure of 90 bar and temperature of 870
degrees Fahrenheit.No life is known to inhabit Venus."
"You hear that?"
"With all the carbon dioxide and 870 degree temperature, I'd figured
as much."
I can't take my eyes off it.
Even if it's all just clouds, it's so massive and unusual that I
have to look.
We gaze in silence.
"The shuttle will now leave Venus and head to Mars,its next
destination.There may be some shaking when we enter sub-light speed,
so be careful."
The scenery turns to rainbows again.
"Sounds like Mars is next."
"This is so cool that I don't know what to say."
"Weird to think that's the same morning star we can see from Earth."
"Okay.
今見えてる星もみんなあんな感じなのかしら？」
"Maybe."
Five minutes later, the regular scenery returns and we are informed
that we have left sub-light speed.
『みなさま、正面に見えますのが、太陽系第四番惑星、火星でございます──』
"Oh, this one's red."
I look forward and see a red planet, as Shiho said.
That's Mars...
"The lower part is white though. Does it snow or what?"
"Mars has a thin atmosphere, about 1/150th that of Earth's.It's
primarily composed of carbon dioxide,and the average temperature is
-60 degrees.
It has four seasons like Earth does,with summers reaching a high of
sixty degrees.
The white that you see at the south pole is ice,including dry ice."
"I knew it was snow."
"It's like a fridge."
"In one minute we will pass Phobos, one of the moons of Mars.Look to
your right."
The people on the left side gather over on the right.
We wait with bated breath for a minute.
"Oh, there it is."
　小さな白っぽい何かが近付いてくる。
Is that the moon?
"What you're now seeingis Phobos.
It's 125,000 miles from the shuttle,traveling at a relative
velocity of 56,000 miles per hour."
Everyone watches as the potato-like object slowly drifts by.
I can't see how it's moving at 56,000 miles per hour.
"Phobos is shaped like an egg, with its longest diameter being about
seventeen miles.It completes a revolution every eight hours."
"All these numbers are too big to really comprehend."
　オレには、すぐ近くを小さな石ころが通りすぎてるようしか見えない。
"Doesn't look as big as they're saying."
Shiho seems to think so too.
"The shuttle will now leave Mars
and head to Saturn.
Saturn so distant thatit will take two hours to reach at sub-light
speed,so please wait in the lounge or restaurantuntil we arrive."
Shiho and I sit in our seats.
"Hey, do we seriously have to wait two hours?"
"Yep. Apparently they can actually warp, but for the all-nighters,
they go slow on purpose and let the guests enjoy themselves."
"What's there to enjoy? Looking at rainbows for two hours?"
"Oh, don't you know there's a restaurant and stuff down below? We
can kill plenty of time."
"Maybe I'll just sleep."
"Oh no, you're not. What would I do?"
「お前も寝ればいいだろ」
"That's dumb. It's like if you paid to see a movie and just slept in
the theater."
"Shut up, I don't care if it's dumb. I'll sleep when I'm tired. I
can hang out with you until I fall asleep."
"I'll just keep you from falling asleep then."
"Could you not?"
"Nope, you were fated to stay up when you decided to come with me."
"Man..."
"The shuttle has entered sub-light speed and
is on its way to Saturn.
　到着までのひととき、ご自由におくつろぎ下さい』
"Alright, free time. Let's head on down."
"Uh-huh."
We head down to the lounge and order drinks at the bar.
Then, we stand by the window and talk, glasses in hand.
"Why juice?"
"Can't get anything alcoholic till I'm twenty."
"Yeah, obviously. I know that."
「ほら見ろよ、スターボウだっけ？
　が綺麗だぜ？」
"Wow, it really is! Wait, you're trying to distract me."
"So what now?"
"Let's have a toast."
"A toast to what?"
"The shining stars."
「なんだそりゃ？」
"Just do it. Cheers!"
"*clink*
I don't see the point, but we have a toast.
"It sure is quiet."
"Right."
The lounge is dimly lit with jazz playing at a low volume.
While I don't share all of Shiho's opinions, I do appreciate the
atmosphere.
As I'm thinking that...
"Just you and me in a sea of stars..."
Intoxicated by the mood, Shiho starts going off about some nonsense.
"We're far from the only people here."
"Couples are having toasts..."
"What couples?"
"Isn't it romantic?"
「けっ、お前の口からロマンチックだなんて言葉が聞けるなんてな」
「…あんた、さっきからやけに絡むわね？
　
もう酔った？」
「バ～カ」
But this isn't really the place to argue.
We go silent.
・
・
・
I feel like saying something when...
"Hey."
Shiho speaks up.
"What?"
「あんた、好きな人、いる？」
"Huh?"
This isn't alcohol, is it?
"I'm not drunk. I'm serious."
「お前最近、そういう話題多いな」
"Is that a problem? I just wanna know."
In a somewhat disinterested tone, I say...
"Not really, no."
「ふ～ん…」
She sounds so disinterested that I might as well have just
commented on the weather.
「お前はどうなんだよ」
"Me? I don't think so."
「他人事みたいに…」
"It's all just a pain."
"What is? Falling in love?"
"It's not just about love or hate. I think guys and girls can get
together without any of that."
"I'm not sure I understand."
"Why?
　
例えばさぁ、今あんたとここに遊びに来てるのは、べつにあたしがあんたを好きだからってわけじゃないじゃない」
"Of course not."
"And if I did love you, I'm sure I'd also be here. So what's the
difference?"
"Stupid, there's a huge difference between friends and a couple."
"Oh, how so? You just feel differently about them."
"It's not just a feeling. It's all different."
"Isn't that just based on what standards you have for them?"
「オレにはお前の言うことがわからねえな」
"What's your problem? It's not like you love anyone."
"That's beside the point."
"How about you get yourself a girlfriend before you start lecturing
me?"
"That won't be happening any time soon."
"Then you don't know what you're talking about."
Shiho smiles like she's planning something.
"What are you smiling about?"
「べつにぃ～」
"You're weirding me out."
We only half pay attention to the rest of the planets, continuing
our debate on romance for the remainder of the tour.
I learn that we really are like oil and water.
And that Shiho has no interest in romance herself, but still wanted
to meddle in my own, I guess.
Shiho claims to have no interest in romance, but that was
contradicted by the fact that she brought up the subject.
What would her ideal boyfriend be like?
I had to wonder.
