（葵との出会い　イントロ２）
（選択肢を選んだあと）
（渡り廊下　雅史立ち）
Lunch is important, but I'm more interested in what the girl has to
say.
「わりぃ、雅史。
お前、先行ってカツサンドとウインナーロールを買っといてくれ」
"Wait."
"I'll pay you back later. A pork cutlet sandwich and some sausage
rolls, got it? I'm counting on you."
I pat Masashi on the back, then head into the crowd.
「あ、<name>」
The girl's passionate speech is still going on.
"Modern martial arts competitions don't merely come down to strength.
There are rules and strategies. It's a clash of refined and highly
advanced techniques.
The simple goal of defeating the opponent leads to the most complex
of matches."
As she talks about the appeal of martial arts, she gets more and
more heated, almost seeming to enter her own world.
"We throw all martial arts under one umbrella now, but there are
actually many varieties.
I think the major ones would be Judo, Karate, and boxing, but there
are countless more.
Even if we limited ourselves to Japan, we could probably categorize
Sumo as a martial art, and there's also Aikido, and Nippon Kempo.
There have also been many unique styles branching off from pro
wrestling and boxing in recent years.
And if we look internationally, there are many more martial arts.
中国には太極拳や形意拳などの中国拳法が、韓国にはテコンドー、タイにはムエタイ、ロシアにはサンボ、ブラジルにはグレイシー柔術など、それこそマイナーなものや流派の異なるものまで含めれば、星の数ほどの格闘技が存在しています。
　
これほど数多くの流派が存在する格闘技界ですが、本来それらは全く別のものであり、決して同じ舞台に立つことはあり得ませんでした。
　
ですが──。
A few years ago, the Vale Tudo form of martial arts in America
founded the Ultimate Tournament, and that started to give attention
to mixed martial arts, which removes these divisions.
That was the start of a new era for martial arts!"
The girl is now completely going off on her own, with none of the
crowd following her anymore.
One person leaves, then another.
Eventually, I'm the only one remaining.
"And this international craze is finally hitting Japanese high
schools.
まだ一般の知名度は低いようですが、昨年、企業主催の全国総合格闘技選手権ともいうべき、エクスト──」
　エクスト──？
What was she about to say?
The girl stops and looks around.
"H-Huh?!"
"Everybody left."
"Huh?"
She slowly looks around again before finally sighing and hanging
her head low in disappointment.
"Excuse me?"
Then, she mutters.
「──また誰も、聞いてくれなかった…」
"Maybe I'm just bad at recruiting people."
The girl keeps slumping her shoulders and murmuring.
"I'll never catch up with Ayaka at this rate."
「………」
「………」
「………」
　しばらくして──。
「──あ、あの…。
なにか？」
The girl looks up.
"I was waiting for you to keep talking."
"Keep talking?"
"You stopped in the middle of saying something right? Ext-something?"
「──エクスト？
　
あっ、エクストリームのことですか？」
"Yeah, that."
「あっ、えっと、エクストリームというのはですね──」
She's about to continue, but stops herself for some reason.
「──あの、ひとつ聞いてもいいですか？」
「え？」
"Were you listening to everything I just said?"
"Oh, well, I got here in the middle of it. I happened to be passing
by and thought it sounded interesting."
"Oh, you're interested?!"
The girl instantly brightens up.
"Do you like martial arts?!"
"Hmmm, well, I guess you could say that."
"Really?!"
She opens her eyes wide.
"I mean, I don't know much about them. I just watch wrestling and
stuff sometimes."
"Oh, that's plenty!"
"What about you? Seems like you're way more into it than I am."
The girl firmly nods.
"Okay.
　
大好きですっ！」
Her slightly tomboyish smile is pure and bright.
"Researching different techniques and practicing them over and over
until I've perfected them gives me a joy I can't describe in words.
Those are the times when I'm most thankful that I practice martial
arts."
She gazes straight at me and leans in, emphasizing each word.
It's kind of overwhelming.
"So your club does actually do martial arts, right?"
「え？」
"Well, it's just that a martial arts club could either do or watch
martial arts, and there's a pretty big difference between the two."
"Oh, yes, right. This club does martial arts. We fight each other."
"Huh..."
　ガタイのいい男子がフラストレーションの発散場所を求めて──ってのならわかる気もするけど、こんな小柄な女の子が、ねぇ。
It's unusual to be sure.
"Um, I'm sorry, what's your name?"
「ああ、オレ？
　オレは、二年の<family><name>。
そっちは？」
「あっ、私は──」
She clears her throat and stands up straight before giving an
enthusiastic introduction.
"Aoi Matsubara, a freshman in Class C. I'm new here."
She bows with perfect posture.
Girls this polite are rare nowadays.
"Oh, right, you wanted to know about Extreme?"
"Right."
"Extreme is a national mixed martial arts championship that was
first held last year."
"A national championship?"
「去年の試合はテレビで中継もされましたし、いまはビデオになってレンタルもしてますよ。
ご存じないですか？」
"No, never."
「うーん、いちおう格闘技界では大メジャーなんですけど、一般の認知度はまだまだ低いのかもしれませんね」
"So what kind of martial arts tournament is it?"
「え？」
Aoi looks puzzled.
"I mean what style of martial arts do they fight with at Extreme?"
"Oh, I'm sorry, that's important. I forgot to explain that part."
Aoi clears her throat.
"Extreme is for mixed martial arts."
"Mixed martial arts?"
"Yes.
エクストリーム大会公認のルールで行われる、打撃あり、投げあり、関節技ありの総合格闘技選手権なんです」
"Ohhh..."
"These are the general rules."
Each match lasts up to five minutes.
Competitors must wear the urethane knuckles and leg guards
which are provided by the tournament.
A KO or TKO is a loss.
No using your elbows or forehead.
No striking the opponent's face with your knees.
No striking the opponent when they're down.
No attacking the opponent's eyes or any similar moves
that could endanger the opponent.
And the referee won't call any breaks
unless one fighter has the other pinned down.
"Keeping the danger to a minimum while calling on all varieties of
techniques is what Extreme is about!"
"Ooh!"
　その瞬間、葵ちゃんの背中から燃え上がる炎が吹き上がった──
かのように見えた。
"So are you part of any clubs?"
Aoi's question is abrupt.
「え？
　いや、べつになにも」
I answer honestly.
And then...
"So that's it?"
Aoi's face brightens even further.
「じゃ、じゃあ、もしよろしかったら──」
She takes a step closer.
「このクラブに入って、私といっしょに格闘技を学びませんか！？」
Her eyes shine.
"M-Martial arts? Me?"
"Yes."
She nods.
"I'm trying to start a new club with the goal of participating in
Extreme.
But I don't have enough members to get the school's approval yet.
That's why I've been looking for people interested in martial arts!"
"H-Hold on a sec! I've never done any real martial arts."
「構いませんよ。
この私でよければ基礎からお教えしますから。
こう見えても私、小さい頃から空手の道場に通ってまして」
"That's not the problem."
I mutter.
「あの、こんなに真剣に話を聞いてくれた人は、先輩が初めてで、私──」
"I-I was just kind of curious."
I awkwardly smile.
"You seem really interested in martial arts yourself. It'd be great
to have you in the club."
Oh man...
"I dunno, this is pretty sudden."
「とにかく一度、遊び気分で結構ですから、練習を見学に来てください」
Aoi's desperate.
"We can't use a club room or the gym yet, but we practice at the
shrine behind the school after class every day except Monday and
Wednesday."
"There?"
「見学だけで結構です、お願いします！」
Aoi bows deeply.
Even after all this begging, though...
I can tell she cares a lot, but there's no way I can do martial
arts.
And trying to take this club to a national championship sounded
insanely ambitious.
Everyone else in the club must be hardcore too.
How should I respond?
A. Well, I'll at least observe.
B. Maybe if I feel like it.
C. Sorry, but I can't.
