（葵　日付イベント５）
（ＳＣＮ０５１２を見ている場合）
（５月１日、２日にクラブに行くと発生）
Alright, time to head over to the school club.
Aoi didn't quite seem like herself the other day.
She suddenly showed up at my house and asked if I had any intention
of staying in the martial arts club.
　本心を聞かせて欲しいって言うから、オレもあんなふうに答えたけど、現状は現状で、結構楽しんでやってるつもりなんだぜ。
Aoi thanked me after that.
And she also apologized...
Had she actually come to tell me something important?
Alright, I'll ask her about that today.
I go to the shrine and find Aoi there.
She is alone, crouched on the stairs, deep in thought.
Odd.
Usually she'd already be training, alone or not.
I guess sometimes she needs a moment to think.
Or maybe she's not feeling well.
"Yo!"
I call out to her in my usual tone.
Aoi hears me and stands up.
"...Oh, hi."
"Hey! Early as usual, eh? You haven't started training yet?"
　かたわらに学生鞄を置きながらオレが言うと、葵ちゃんは、
"Aoi smiles with a conflicted look on her face.
It's a remorseful smile with a hint of sadness somewhere in there.
"Hey, what's up?"
"After a short pause—
"Fujita..."
Aoi looks solemn.
"What is it?"
"...Um, I'm going to say something selfish right now."
"Selfish?"
"Yes.
──じつは、このクラブ、今日で終わりにしようと思うんです」
「へっ！？」
I can't believe her sudden announcement.
"Sh-Shut down? H-Hold up... What brought this about?"
Aoi looks down to avoid my gaze.
"...I completely understand you getting angry at me for being so
selfish, but I thought long and hard to come to this decision."
"...I'm thinking of following Sakashita's advice and joining the
Karate Club."
"What about Extreme?
What about your dreams of following in your idol's footsteps?"
Aoi continues to look down and slowly shakes her head.
Then, in small voice—
「…駄目なんです」
She asks.
"I can't do this anymore. I don't have the confidence to keep this
club going."
"You don't have the confidence?"
"I honestly don't have confidence in myself either."
"Can I keep doing this forever? Should I listen to Yoshie and go
back to practicing karate? Those kinds of questions always swirl in
my brain."
That conversation I had with Aoi flashes in the back of my head.
So that's what she meant by lacking confidence that day...
"I actually fought a match against Sakashita yesterday."
Aoi says.
「──ええっ！？
　な、なんでオレに言ってくれなかったんだよ！？」
"I'd actually gone to your place to tell you that on Monday night,
but then I couldn't find the right moment to say it..."
"Wh-What's the deal with that? Why didn't you tell me something so
important?"
I knew she had a reason for coming all the way to my place.
"So how'd it go?"
"Aoi shakes her head and doesn't say a word.
"Did she...beat you?"
"Yes."
She gives a little nod.
"She didn't just beat me, she absolutely annihilated me. If I had to
defend myself, I'd attribute my loss to being too nervous to
properly execute all I had worked on in my training..."
"I see..."
So she lost to Sakashita.
「…坂下先輩の言うとおり、空手をやってた頃より、私、弱くなってるかもしれません。
手も脚も、思うように動かないんです。
I never felt like I stood a chance during the fight. All I could
think about was how fast I would lose."
If only I had been there.
If I had been there to cheer her on...
Would that have changed the result?
"That's when it occurred to me... Maybe I've made the wrong decision.
I'm sure there's still so much I can learn from karate, yet I acted
without thinking..."
Sakashita succeeded in proving her point.
　予告どおり、葵ちゃんの目を覚まさせた。
All through a grand display of her overwhelming abilities.
"...So I'm sorry to say this, but as of today, this club is no
longer in operation. Please forgive my selfish actions."
"I let out a little sigh.
"You founded this club on your own, so you have the right to end it
whenever you want."
She says.
"Fujita..."
Aoi mumbles woefully.
"You've already made up your mind, right? I just gotta accept it. I
think it's more important that you follow the path you've chosen to
take."
"Tears begin to well up in Aoi's eyes.
"I'm so, so sorry..."
She squeezes her eyes shut and apologizes profusely.
「大げさだな。
べつにこれが最後の別れってわけでもないだろう？
　毎日学校でも会えるんだぜ？」
Aoi nods.
"I'm still here to cheer you on and that won't change. If anything
about karate ever weighs on your mind, you can always come to me."
I say with a smile.
"Fujita..."
Aoi rubs her eyes.
Then she looks at me with her red eyes and smiles.
"You're always so nice to me."
She utters.
"Aw, shucks."
I scratch my nose in embarrassment, drawing a giggle from Aoi,
still teary-eyed.
