（ゆっくりフェード）
（カレンダーを５月６日までめくる）
（自分の部屋）
And so, the Golden Week break ends and the morning of our school
trip arrives.
I'd already packed for the trip the night before, of course.
I leave home much earlier than usual.
「おはよう、<name>ちゃん」
「なんだお前、その荷物」
「えっ？」
"Are you camping in the mountains or something? What'd you bring?"
"Clothes, stationery, toiletries, a hairdryer, a camera, a folding
umbrella..."
"You brought a hairdryer? Just borrow someone's."
「でも、まあ、いちおう…。
<name>ちゃんは、そんなに少なくて平気なの？」
"I got my clothes and notebooks and pens and stuff. That's all I need, right?
Better to travel light, you know?"
"Yeah, maybe..."
Akari is walking almost two-times slower than usual from her heavy
luggage.
She continues to plod and heave along.
"...Ugh, fine. Look, I'll swap bags with you from here to school."
"What? Really?"
I take the bag from Akari's hands.
Geez, is this filled with rocks or something?
"Alright, let's go."
「ありがとう、<name>ちゃん」
A familiar face then approaches from behind.
"Morning."
"Hey."
"I happened to spot you two so I ran to catch up."
"Good morning, Sashi. It's been a while since I saw you in the
morning."
"Because I've usually got morning practice. Not today, obviously."
"Ah-hah! See? Masashi's packed light too."
"You're right."
"Girls are different than guys though."
"U-Um, I guess."
There are four large buses parked in front of the school.
They would take us to the airport where we'd then hop on a plane.
The vast plains of Hokkaido are waiting for me.
Us juniors are loafing around in front of the school.
It's still too early for the seniors and freshmen to be around.
"Hiya! Good morning, you three! How are we all?"
And who appears with her jarring greeting? Shiho, of course.
She's the type of person who always gets carried away in these
situations.
"Good morning, Shiho."
「おはよう」
"Yooo."
"There's approximately one person here who's a little gloomy doomy.
Today calls for some more energy, no?"
"I think you're TOO energetic today."
"Rude! Just let me be me! We're going on a school trip! We gotta get
super pumped and lit!"
"Man, I wish I got put on a different bus than you..."
"What's that supposed to mean?!"
After the principal's quick farewell, we all then get on our buses.
　定刻どおりにバスは走り出し、オレたちの修学旅行が始まった。
・
・
・
・
・
