（葵　好感度イベント２）
（発生条件　好感度１５以上）
（土曜以外の昼休み）
（教室）
The bell rings to signal the end of class and the
fight-against-hunger. Fourth period is finally over.
"That's the end of class."
The teacher says as they dust the chalk from their hands.
"Stand up, everyone."
*clatter* *clatter*
The students follow the Class Rep's orders and push their chairs
back to stand up.
Some are still furiously jotting down notes while others continue
their naps.
"Bow."
And then class is dismissed.
The students scurry off in different directions.
It's finally lunch time.
Groups of friends move tables and chairs to sit together for lunch.
"Let's go and buy some sandwiches."
I say as I tap Masashi on the shoulder.
「あ、ごめん、<name>。
僕、今日弁当なんだ」
Masashi pulls out a bag containing his lunchbox from his school bag
hanging on the side of his desk.
"Geez, again? That's happening pretty often these days."
"Yeah. My sister's had a lot of time on her hands ever since she got
pregnant."
"Now that you mention it, that does make sense."
Masashi's big sister got married last year and is expecting a baby.
"I could come with you to buy lunch, if you want."
"Nah. I'm not a kid."
「そう？」
"Actually, maybe I'll skip the sandwiches today and have lunch in
the cafeteria instead."
I clasp my hands together behind my head and leave the classroom.
I'm sure I'll see some familiar faces if I go to the cafeteria.
　そいつとごいっしょさせてもらうとしようか。
When I get to the stairs...
"Fujita..."
I bump into Aoi.
She's holding a bag.
"Heya. Where are you going?"
"Um, I was actually on the way to see you."
"Me? For what?"
"Yes, okay!"
She glances at the bag in her hand and looks down bashfully before
looking back up to me with a smile.
"U-Um, I promised you the other day so... I made this for you..."
A promise?
Made for me?
"Huh? Oh! Wait, is that a bento lunch?!"
Aoi nods sheepishly.
"Whoa, serious?! For me?!"
"Okay!"
A handmade bento lunch?!
"YAAAAAAAY! Today's my day! I'm super stoked!"
I dance about with joy, and Aoi, flustered, grabs the sleeve of my
uniform.
"F-Fujita.
あの、恥ずかしいですから…」
She blushes.
"Oh, sorry. My bad. I couldn't help myself."
I laugh and scratch my head.
"Alright, then let's dig into this. Wanna go up to the rooftop?"
"Okay!"
Aoi and I go up to the rooftop.
The bright rays of the sun shine through as I open the door.
Aoi leaps out onto the concrete floor of the rooftop.
"Gosh! The weather is lovely!"
She basks in the sun and stretches her arms up.
Uh-huh.
The bright rays of the sun match perfectly with Aoi's refreshing
energy.
"Over here, Fujita! Let's sit here!"
Aoi points below the wire fence.
"Alright."
We sit down next to each other.
The view of the town stretches far beyond the wire fence.
Having a school on top of a hill means that the view from the roof
is breathtaking.
"The view from here is fantastic!"
Aoi gushes with wonder.
"This is my first time on the school rooftop."
"The town looks like a miniature set from up here, right?"
"Okay!"
"I wanna blow it up."
「…え？」
"Blow up the miniature set! You know? Place some explosive and BAM!
Blow it to smithereens!"
"Yes."
"You don't watch the latest movies?"
"...No, not really."
"That's the kinda stuff they do these days. They spend stacks of
cash to create a set to completely destroy it. It's all the rage."
"Oh, is that so?"
「なんなら今度、いっしょに映画観に行こうか？」
「えっ？」
"As a change of pace from the training we do every day."
"Oh, um, sure."
"Then that's a promise."
I take Aoi's hand and wrap my pinky around hers to seal the deal.
The weather really is great, the view is spectacular, and there's
even a nice breeze blowing.
And I get to feast on Aoi's cooking in this perfect environment.
Masashi really picked the perfect time to bring lunch from home.
Aoi takes out a lunchbox from her cute bag.
"...Please don't get your hopes up too high."
She opens the lid and hands the box to me.
Inside is a standard selection of lunchbox goodies, stuffed to the
brim.
　ご飯とおかずが半分ずつに仕切られていて、ご飯はたまごとひき肉のそぼろがけ、おかずはハンバーグにウインナー、メンチカツにコロッケが入っている。
"Wow, this is a feast!"
I pick up my chopsticks.
"It may look impressive, but it's really nothing. The croquette's
just a frozen one..."
"Haha, but that's what makes a boxed lunch! Wait, what about this
Hamburg steak...?"
"Oh, I made that myself. The shape's a little wonky, though..."
"That's not true. It looks really tasty. And I'm impressed that you
made it yourself. What about this pork katsu?"
「あ、いちおう、それも…」
"You made it?"
"...Okay."
"That's some serious time and effort. You even cut the wieners into
little octopuses."
"To be honest, my mom helped me with most of this."
"That's how a family's recipes get passed down. From mother to child
and child to grandchild. I'm sure this boxed lunch is filled with
flavors spanning generations of your family."
No jibes about the fact that hamburg steaks and wieners didn't
exist way back then.
"Anyway, time to dig in!"
I think I'll start with the handmade Hamburg steak.
*munch, munch, munch*
Aoi nervously stares at me with a worried look on her face.
*gulp*
"Yum! Yeah, this is great!"
"R-Really?"
"Yeah, for real! I'm dead serious! Awesome job!"
"Gosh, thank goodness!"
Aoi says with joy, relieved to hear my response.
"I didn't know what I'd do if you didn't like it."
"It's really good. You should have some too. Here."
"Ah, yes. Thank you."
"This is legit really tasty."
I'm not even being polite. It really is delicious.
Aoi, the so-called bad chef.
She put her heart and soul into cooking for me. That must've added
to the flavor and made it taste extra good.
My hands keep bringing food to my mouth and I finish the entire
bento lunch in no time.
"Thanks for the meal!"
I finish eating and pack up the lunchbox.
"Seeing you so pleased makes me really glad I made this for you!"
She grins.
That smile of hers makes my heart skip a beat.
