（葵　回数イベント２）
I wonder if Aoi's working hard behind that shrine today too.
A flashback of Aoi quietly striking the punching bag on her own
fills my head.
She's so genuine, devoted, and hard-working. The type of girl you
would want to throw your support behind.
Fate must have brought us together, so I want to help her with the
founding of her club somehow.
Come to think of it, she did invite me to visit again as I left
last time.
I'm sure there was at least some expectation for me to join the
club with that invitation.
Or maybe she's still practicing now, waiting for me to appear.
"But then what should I do if I go?
I can just drop by to watch like last time, but that might be
pretty intrusive to her practice.
The best option is obviously for me to join the club.
Her top goal is to at least recruit enough members to be recognized
as a club.
While joining the club might be easy, the problem is what to do
after that.
I don't have any experience in combative sports, and I can't say
I'm too motivated to learn either.
Compared to that, Aoi is practicing passionately every day so that
she can enter that "Extreme" tournament.
Having a half-hearted loser like me next to her as she works her
butt off will probably do more damage than good.
Joining the club is off the table.
But if I had no intention of joining the club, then it's best that
I don't lead her on and get her hopes up.
Yeah, I probably shouldn't go.
So... I'm sorry, Aoi.
I want to help her, I really do, but we live in completely
different worlds.
She's probably better off recruiting people with actual skills
rather than an amateur like me.
Still, no matter how many excuses I make, I can't help but think
about her. So, I end up visiting her anyway.
I don't know if it's her charm that's luring me in, or if I'm just
too curious for my own good.
In any case, I'm at the shrine again, so I might as well pay her a
visit.
I head over to the training grounds.
"Haaa!"
*wham*
Aoi's training at the same spot as last time.
Striking with her intense force, as usual.
A high roundhouse kick.
A speedy kick that utilizes the rotation of the hip, knee, and toes
of the pivoting foot, apparently.
It has a high knockout rate and is a signature move of Aoi's that
she often uses in fights, according to her.
The kicking leg remains bent at the knee until just before it lands.
Stretching it out as it hits is the key to boosting its power, I
think.
As I approach, Aoi turns around before I can call out to her.
"Oh..."
Her eyes widen, and a big grin stretches across her face the moment
she sees me.
「<family>先輩！」
"Hey! I see you're training hard."
Aoi stops her training session and runs over to me.
"You've come again!"
She seems genuinely happy.
Her smile is so big, that it's as if she had been waiting for me.
Or maybe she really had been?
That's possibly why she noticed me the moment I arrived.
That gets me pretty stoked to think about, if that's actually the
case.
　ま、べつにこのオレだからというわけじゃなく、葵ちゃんはクラブのメンバーが増えるのを喜んでいるんだろうけど。
But her eyes are filled with so much joy.
I really do think she wants me to join the club.
　いつまでも期待を抱かせたままじゃ悪いし、ここはひとつはっきりと──。
"I just want to make it clear right now that I don't intend to join
the club."
　──って言うべきなんだろうけど、この目を見てると言いづらいんだよなぁ。
"Are you here to watch again today, or...?"
Aoi asks.
"Would you like to join, perhaps?"
"O-Oh, no, I just dropped by for a bit to see your face today..."
I awkwardly smile.
"To see my face?"
"Yeah, I want to see the look on your face while you're hard at
practice."
「えっ？」
　大きく目を開き、きょとんとする葵ちゃん。
Her cheeks gradually begin to redden, and she looks down.
"P-Please don't tease me like that."
"I didn't mean to. I genuinely just wanted to watch you train,
honest."
"Wh-Why? Don't you find it boring just merely watching me?"
Aoi looks at me with downcast eyes.
"No, it's entertaining. I never get bored watching you practice."
"Huh? Why's that?"
"Hmm, I guess I'm interested in you because there aren't many girls
out there like you?"
"There aren't many...girls out there like me?"
"I mean, it's pretty rare to find a girl unleashing karate moves
onto a punching bag on her own until the sun goes down all the time,
no?"
I say.
"I-I suppose so. A normal girl wouldn't be punching and kicking a
punching bag in a place like this."
Aoi laughs awkwardly.
"You're right. I am odd."
"Oh..."
I find myself at a loss for words.
Crap. Me and my big mouth.
But Aoi reassures me with her bright smile.
"I know quite well that I'm odd. I don't think on the same
wavelength as others around me."
"N-No, that's not..."
"But I really do love what I do and I can't stop myself from doing
it."
Aoi slowly drops her gaze.
"I don't know much about what the average girl finds entertaining.
クラスの子たちの話題には半分以上ついていけないし、友だちからもよく
『葵はいろいろ損をしてる』って言われます…」
Aoi then lifts her head back up.
"But..."
She looks me square in the eyes.
"I still know a number of joys in life that the average girl doesn't.
The satisfaction of gradually getting stronger every day, the joy
of winning a fight through the results of hard work... The average
girl would never get to experience that. Don't you agree?"
"Okay!"
"That's why I focus on believing that I am not wrong, despite
knowing well and true that I may be odd. I make an effort to
believe that I should just be myself."
"Yeah..."
"I feel like I'm the most genuine version of me when I'm practicing
martial arts."
"Yeah..."
　なんというか、葵ちゃんのふたつの瞳には光が宿っていた。
A light of strong resolve staring straight at her dreams and goals.
It's shining so brightly.
Aoi is the epitome of cool.
"Oh, my apologies. Look at me rambling like a fool..."
She clasps her hands together and looks down in embarrassment.
"I should just be myself," hm?
Yeah.
I know exactly what she means.
Knowing how hard-working Aoi is gives those words far more weight.
"Pl-Please say something. Your sudden silence is unnerving."
"Sorry, it's just that you're so radiant."
「えっ？」
"People seem to shine their brightest when they're working hard
towards some kind of goal. And you're a great example of that.
You're really dazzling."
"G-Gosh, Fujita..."
Aoi's cheeks turn a deeper shade of red.
"I like you."
「えっ！？」
Aoi looks startled.
Oh, uh, I don't mean it like that.
Whoops, I might've given her the wrong message.
「いや、その、つまり、オレが言いたかったのは
──」
A. I like how hard working you are.
B. I like how you look when you're practicing martial arts.
C. I like your notion of striving to be yourself.
