（葵　回数イベント６　選択後　ＡＢＣの続き）
（坂下　普通）
「…そうね。
たしかに<family>の言うとおりね。
葵がどのくらい頑張ってるかも知らないのに、遊びだなんて、ちょっと口が過ぎたかもね」
"Yoshie."
"But I want you to know that all of the inflammatory things I ended
up saying were said because I have your best interests in mind, Aoi."
"Yes..."
"Looks like there's no point in continuing this any further. I'm
gonna leave now, but...you know what? I want to see for myself just
how hard you've been working sometime soon."
A sly grin spreads across Sakashita's face.
"Yeah? Why don't you watch today's training then?"
"No.
せっかく、おたがい武道をやってるのよ。
もっと実力を明確にする方法があるでしょ？」
Sakashita chuckles and then looks at Aoi.
"Aoi looks back with a serious gaze.
　えっ。
D-Does that mean...?
"You're not challenging Aoi to a fight, are you?"
「そうよ」
「ちょ、ちょっと待てよ。
そんなこと、いきなり言われても、葵ちゃんにも心の準備ってもんが──」
"I didn't ask her to fight me now. I said 'sometime soon.' Didn't
you hear me?"
"What will fighting achieve?"
"I want to show Aoi the truth. That her efforts are likely pointless.
I'm sure that'll open her eyes to reality then."
"Aoi could beat you."
"Sure. If she wins then I'll have no choice but to acknowledge this
club's worth."
She sure makes it sound easy.
"Is it even okay for a member of the Karate Club to challenge
someone of a different discipline?"
"They wouldn't care about a little sparring session like this."
「でもな──」
"Actually... Wait, Fujita."
Aoi, who had been quiet the whole time, speaks up.
"Yoshie, I accept your challenge!"
"A-Aoi..."
"If I win, then you will reconsider your stance on this club—no, on
Extreme as well, right?"
"...Of course."
"The tension in the air is thick enough to cut with a knife as Aoi
and Sakashita lock eyes.
A slight grin creeps across Sakashita's face.
　思惑どおりにいったという満足げな表情だ。
Whoa, hey now. This has blown up into something serious.
It's like how a shonen manga would play out.
"I'm busy with my club activities, so I'll figure out a day that
suits me. That okay with you?"
"Yes, that's fine."
"Okay, then I'll let you know. Practice hard until then, Aoi."
"Yes?"
"See you later."
Sakashita turns around and leaves the shrine.
Aoi continues to watch in silence until Sakashita is out of sight.
I've never experienced such a tense escalation of events before.
