（マ
ルチ　日付イベント１　出会いイントロ）
（４月１２日　１時間目の休み時間）
（廊下１）
I leave the classroom to go buy a drink when I come across Masashi
and Shiho chatting in the hallway.
"Yo. What are you guys talking about?"
「あ、<name>。
いま、志保からうわさのロボットの話を聞いてたんだ」
「なんだ、うわさのロボットって？」
"You haven't heard? Robomaids."
"Oh, I've heard of Robomaids."
Maid robots are general-purpose androids that suddenly exploded in
popularity and have become commonplace these past few years.
They're handy helper robots that look like humans and are used in
places like households, offices, and the like. It's almost odd to
not to find one around.
　町へ出れば、外国車を見るのと同じくらいの確率で目にすることができるし、メーカー直営のディーラー店に行けば、最新型モデルがショーウインドーに飾られていて、そのメイドロボ自身に接待を受けることもできる。
Just the other day I happened to go to a local robot-maker showroom
and drank some coffee made by a Robomaid.
Robomaids these days are really well made. You can't even tell the
difference between one and a human at first glance.
It's not uncommon to thank a human lady only to realize that it's a
Robomaid.
Advancements in technology sure are impressive.
　本来メイドロボという呼び名は、あくまで家庭用の女性型モデルに限られた通称なのだが、いまじゃそっちのほうが一般化し、汎用アンドロイド全般がこの名で呼び親しまれている。
There are now a whole variety of Robomaid models on the market, but
they haven't been around for long. In fact, only several years have
passed since the first model was developed.
They were initially developed by a Japanese medical equipment maker,
with strong government support, as robots designed to assist
in-home caregivers caring for bedridden elderly individuals.
The unrefined, mechanical design they had then was a far cry from
what they're like today. They were merely lumps of machinery.
Following requests from patients receiving their care, they
gradually became more human-like and had more functions added to
them such as cooking and cleaning—developing into the Robomaids of today.
　ほんの数年前は、個人じゃとても手が出せないくらいの高級マシンだったが、最近じゃ相次ぐ競合メーカーの乱立と、各社の量産化の成功で、どうにか車２台分ぐらいの価格に落ち着き、普通のサラリーマンでもちょっと無理すりゃ手が届くようになった。
Today, both domestic and international manufacturers offer a wide
array of models, and the industry has grown to rival cars and
computers in economic impact.
"We're getting a Robomaid."
That was something you'd only hear in your dreams a mere three or
four years ago, but with the dizzying speed that computer
technology advances, it has now become a reality in the blink of an eye.
"Why are you talking about Robomaids?"
Shiho seems shocked at my question.
「あんた、もしかして知らないのぉ？」
She chuckles mockingly.
"What's it to you? Did someone buy a Robomaid or something?"
「違うわよ。
はぁ～、あんたって、ホンット、情報にウトいわねぇ。
いいわ、じゃあ、この志保ちゃんが教えてあげる＠」
"Adorable Shiho"? Please.
"There's a Robomaid amongst the freshmen right now. They're here on
a test run as a student. It's Kurusugawa's latest prototype."
"Huh. That's news to me."
"How did you not know? EVERYONE knows. Are your ears filled with wax
or something?"
「お前がとくべつ耳ざといだけだ。
だいたい雅史も知らなかったんだろーが」
「ううん、僕もうわさくらいは知ってたよ」
「ほら見なさい？」
...Filthy traitor.
「あんた、情報にうといにも限度があるわよ」
　はいはい。
I pretend not to hear her.
"So why'd they choose our school to conduct the testing of their
Robomaid?"
I ask Masashi.
"Yup.
それはね──」
"You're as thick as a post. The prototype is the latest creation by
Kurusugawa Electronics, the pioneer of the Robomaid. The Kurusugawa
Group helps to fund our school, so of course they're using it for their test."
"Nobody asked you."
「あら、いまのは、あたしのひとりごとよ＠」
Tch.
Talk about an annoying start to the day.
「…しっかし、超能力、格闘技と続いて、そのうえ今度はロボットかよ。
今年の一年生はバラエティーにとんでるぜ」
"They sure are."
"I wouldn't be surprised if an alien dropped by in their UFO over
and enrolled too."
「あっ、そうそう、新入生といえばだけど、なんでも今年の寺女の新入生に、アイドルの緒方理奈が…」
I end up getting stuck listening to Shiho ramble about a whole
bunch of shady-sounding rumors.
