（マルチ　エンディング）
（マルチが来る）
Now then...
I guess I'll wait for Multi to get here.
I sit down on the sofa and glance around my place.
It's pretty messy.
"Alright. I should clean up a bit since I'm having someone over.
Whew...
That should be enough.
And 30 minutes is almost up.
I'll wait out the rest by watching some TV.
Hold up.
I finished watching a 30-minute show, but she still isn't here yet.
She said she'd be here in 30 minutes—it's been over an hour.
　なにやってんだか。
Another 30 minutes passed...
Argh, I know exactly what's happened...
*riiiiiiiiiing*
*riiiiiiiiiing*
Right on cue.
I go to the front hall and pick up the phone.
*click*
「はい、<family>です」
　受話器を耳に当てて、最初に聞こえてきたのは、自動車が走る通りの雑音だった。
It sounds like she's calling from a public telephone.
And then...
"*sob*"
I hear the sound of her sniffling over the phone.
"Hello? Multi?"
I chuckle.
「ううっ、<hira:1>、<name>さん…」
"Did you get lost or something?"
I say with a laugh.
"I'm sorry.
おっしゃるとおりです…」
　と、予想どおりの情けない返事。
"Where are you right now?"
"I took a wrong turn on the way here and wandered around until I
ended up at the station..."
「わかった、駅前だな。
いまからそっち行くから、へんなヤツについてったりしねーで、おとなしく待ってんだぞ」
"S-Sorry for all the trouble I've caused."
　受話器の向こうから、ごんッ、と音がした。
I'm guessing she bowed or something and bumped her forehead on the
phone.
I hang up and put my shoes on right away.
Man, she's a lost cause.
What kind of new Robomaid model gets lost and calls in tears?
I mean, I guess that's what makes Multi, well...Multi.
I chuckle and leave home.
I arrive at the station.
"Let's see..."
It's no surprise that the area is bustling with people, especially
since it's the weekend.
I scan the jam-packed crowds looking for Multi.
Eventually...
「<hira:1>、<name>さああぁぁ～～～んっ！」
She finds me first.
Multi runs over waving her arms wildly as tears stream down her
face.
"I-I'm so sorryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!"
Plump droplets of tears burst from her huge eyes.
　今日は制服ではなく、ボーイッシュな感じがかわいい私服姿だった。
It really suits her.
"Honestly, you should've said something from the beginning if you
didn't know how to get to my place. I would've come right out to
pick you up."
"I-I had a note with your address written on it, but I didn't know
where your street was..."
"It can be pretty hard just looking at it on paper. You should've
asked a police officer for directions."
"Aww, and here I was planning to show you my gratitude for all that
you've done and now I've gone and caused more trouble..."
"It's totally okay, really. You haven't caused me any trouble... And
hey, you should wipe your runny nose."
I hand her a tissue.
"R-Right. Thank you."
She blows her nose with a honk.
"...Aww, if it were Serio,
I'm sure she wouldn't have gotten lost like I did."
Multi sounds like she feels really guilty.
"Now that you mention it, Serio can navigate using data from
satellites, right?"
"That's right. She would never get lost. Yet I..."
I chuckle and place my hand on Multi's head.
"You need to stop comparing yourself to others. It'll get you
nowhere. You know what? The fact that you came all this way just to
thank me is part of what makes you so great."
「…え？」
"I think you are fit to be the latest model, just the way you are."
「…ありがとうございます。
うれしいです。
そう言っていただけると、わたし──」
I chuckle.
"By the way, your outfit looks great on you."
「えっ？」
「うん、かわいい、かわいい」
"Th-Thank you very much!"
*clack* *clack* *click*
"Come on in."
"Yes, something like that."
Multi enters my home somewhat hesitantly.
Her eyes widen, and she looks around as she steps into my front
hallway.
「…わあ、ここが<name>さんのお家ですかー」
"Yeah, it's pretty small, though."
"That's not true at all! I think it's a lovely place."
"Am I?"
"...Okay.
わたし、いつの日かこういうお家で働くのが夢なんですよー」
Multi grins.
"Your dream, eh?"
She's a robot, yet she has dreams of her own?
"Um, are your parents home?"
"They don't come home often, so I'm practically living here by
myself."
"Is that so...
大変ですね」
"Yeah, you bet it is. I wish I had a Robomaid here too."
"What? Really?!"
"Yeah, definitely. Oh, I know! When your model is officially
released, I'll ask my parents to buy one for me."
「<name>さん…」
I sit down on the sofa and invite Multi to sit too.
"You don't have to be at attention like a soldier. Have a seat. You
must be exhausted."
However, Multi shakes head with a smile on her face.
"That's okay. I'm fine."
She says.
「それよりも、さっそく<name>さんのために、なにかしたいと思うのですが」
"Something for me?"
「昨日の帰り道にもお話ししたと思いますが、わたし、<name>さんにご恩返しがしたいんです。
これまでの感謝の気持ちを、少しでもお返ししたくて、それで今日来たんです。
ですから、いまからしばらくは、<name>さんのためだけに働かせてください」
"Me and only me?"
"Okay.
学校だと、<name>さんひとりのために働けませんでしたけど、お家でなら…」
"I'd feel bad about letting you do that."
A grin spreads across her face again.
「わたし、いまから、<name>さんの専用メイドロボットになりますっ」
She says.
"M-My personal Robomaid?!"
"Okay.
　
ですから遠慮なさらず、なんなりと御用をお申しつけくださいっ」
"Th-That's kinda embarrassing."
"I was built to be a helper robot, so this is all I can do to repay
you. Even so, I still want to show my gratitude as much as I can."
"Quit with the whole repaying and returning the favor deal. You're
blowing this way out of proportion..."
"It will only be for a short period of time, but please allow me to
be at your service today."
Be at my service, huh?
Aww, man. Now that's a line that really makes me melt.
Do all Robomaid owners get to experience this?
　ああ、なんだか、人生の夢がひとつ叶ったって感じだよな。
"Alright.
　んじゃ、お言葉に甘えて、さっそくなにかやってもらうとするか」
「はい、なんなりと！
　
これでも、お料理、お掃除、お洗濯と、いちおう一通りのことはできますから！」
"Yeah? Okay, I haven't had breakfast yet, so could you cook
something for me?"
"Yes, as you wish! Um, hmm. What should I make for you?"
"Good question. What are you able to cook?"
"Anything!"
"Anything? That's impressive."
"As long as I have a cookbook..."
"And I'll need ingredients too."
"Oh, sorry... I don't actually have anything stocked. I've got
instant ramen, though."
"There's only so much I can do without ingredients..."
"Yeah, true. Do I actually have anything?"
I stand up and walk over to the kitchen.
「あっ、ごいっしょします」
*clack*
*click*
　冷蔵庫はもとより、片っ端から棚も開け、マルチといっしょに調べてみた。
"Hmmm..."
"I really don't have anything."
"You don't..."
My kitchen is so bare that one might question whether anyone really
lives here.
"You do have a lot of seasonings and spices, though."
"Yeah, that's thanks to Akari—"
I cut myself off.
Almost all of the seasonings and spices were left in the cupboard
by Akari when she came over to cook for me.
All we can find aside from that are instant and canned food.
"...It wouldn't feel right for you to go out of your way to make me
instant ramen."
「<name>さん、<name>さん」
Multi calls out to me with a huge grin on her face.
She's holding a packet of spaghetti.
"Can I use this?"
"Spaghetti, huh."
"Go ahead.
ミートソースも発見しました」
"Oh yeah. I guess I did have that lying around."
"Shall I make this for you?"
「そうだな」
Cooking a dish using spaghetti is pretty simple, but it's better
than instant ramen.
"Could you cook that for me?"
"Okay!"
Multi starts cooking right away.
She rolls up her sleeves, puts on my mom's apron, and gets a pot of
water boiling.
"Are you gonna be okay? Can you really cook?"
「はい、おまかせください！」
Multi beams with confidence.
・
・
・
・
・
"A rice cracker?"
"Uhm..."
"Rice cracker bolognese?"
"Awww..."
"I can't even eat this with a fork."
"Gahhh, I'm so sorryyyyyyyyyyyyy!"
The spaghetti she cooks for me gets burned and clumps together.
It's like a giant rice cracker.
It had all stuck together while she was boiling it and then turned
into a crisp when she tried to fry it in a pan without enough oil
in it.
　さらに、あとからかけるだけでいいはずのミートソースを、いっしょに炒めて焦がし、見事なミートせんべいの出来上がりだった。
I munch and crunch into it.
"Th-Thanks for the food..."
I make sure to eat every last bite.
"Awww, I-I'm really sorry..."
"D-Don't let it get you down. It tasted like spaghetti bolognese, at
least?"
But it had the texture of a pizza.
"I've actually never cooked anything properly before."
"Huhwhaaa?!"
「研究所のテストで少しやったていどで。
…ううっ、作りかたの説明どおりにすれば、きっとうまくできると思ったんですが」
　どこが説明どおりなんだ。
"You know what? When it comes to cooking, it's experience that's
really important. There are little nuances and tricks you need to
master, even for simple things like stewing or stir-frying."
"I-I'm sorry. I've only just come off the production line, so I lack
a lot of experience..."
"Experience, huh. They don't program that kind of stuff into you
from the get-go?"
"It depends on the robot. I just happen to be the type that learns
over time..."
Multi sniffles.
"...Aww, if I were Serio, I'm sure I would've made a delicious
spaghetti dish that you'd love."
She's completely down on herself.
Guess I gotta do what I gotta do.
I soften my gaze and smile.
"That's not true."
I place my hand on Multi's head.
"...Oh."
"I was still happy with your dish. Cooking isn't all about flavor.
What's important is that you cook to bring joy to the person eating
it."
「…<name>さん」
「マルチが一生懸命作った手料理、オレにはとてもおいしく感じたぜ」
I stroke Multi's head.
「…<hira:1>、<name>さん」
She seems to like having her head stroked.
"So don't get so down on yourself. Your cooking skills will improve
in leaps and bounds as long as you cook with love."
"Y-Yes...?"
Tears begin to well up in her eyes as she nods.
「…う、ううっ、<name>さん、あ、ありがとうございます…」
Her tears continue to build and then overflow.
"Geez, you're such a little crybaby."
I continue to gently stroke her head.
Multi then starts to put away the dishes and cleans my entire house.
I'm really impressed by her amazing skills.
Cooking is one thing, but Multi is a complete expert when it comes
to cleaning.
「いちおう、ひととおり終わりましたが」
"Wow. Yeah, great work."
I look at the living room, kitchen,
front hallway,
toilet and even the bathroom. It's all squeaky clean.
"Whoa, you did amazing. Everything's sparkling like new again."
"What shall I clean next?"
Multi is still raring to go.
"You've got some real skills, Multi."
I'm genuinely impressed.
"Thank you very much. Cleaning is my one and only forte. I learned a
lot of tricks at school."
"I see. Because you're a learning robot, right?"
"I'm ready."
"Then that deserves more praise."
「えっ！？」
「えらい、えらい」
I stroke her head.
"Ah!"
Multi always seems to stare off into space and descends into a
drunken state when I stroke her head.
She must get the most joy out of making humans happy and being
praised by them.
Seeing Multi happy makes me happy.
A happy cycle of joy.
Multi continues her cleaning spree. She cleans the stairs, the
rooms upstairs, and even my room.
And as the clock ticks just past midday there's nothing else left
to clean.
Robomaids sure are handy.
Now I want one even more.
"The entire house is so clean I can barely recognize it. Thanks,
Multi."
"It's an honor to see that you are pleased."
"I guess it shows that this place can be this clean as long as you
put some elbow grease into it. I'm impressed."
"It was nothing..."
"Alright, you deserve a treat."
「え？」
"What would you like?"
Multi thinks for a moment and then looks over at me bashfully.
And then...
"Um, w-well then..."
Her voice is as tiny as a mouse.
"Go on. I'm all ears."
"P-Please stroke my head."
"Too easy."
*sst, sst, sst, sst*
"There you go. Good girl."
"Ah."
"Like this?"
"Okay..."
"What would you like next?"
"U-Um, w-well... I'd like you to stroke my head even more."
「わかった」
"Good girl, good girl."
*sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst*
"Was that good?"
"Okay..."
"What next?"
"U-U-Um, w-w-well... I'd like you to stroke my head more and more."
"'Atta girl, 'atta girl."
*sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst,
sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst, sst*
「………」
「あの、<name>さん」
"Hm?"
"Did I help you out a little today?"
"A little? You were a big help! I'm really glad you came over today."
"Then can I assume that I have repaid my debt a little?"
"You've paid it all off and then some."
"Goodness, I'm so glad!"
Multi is so insistent on repaying my kindness or returning the
favor, but I don't remember doing anything to warrant that.
Sure, I saved her from falling and helped her to clean, but that
was nothing.
She definitely did more for me than I did for her.
But knowing Multi, she'll probably keep working until it's time for
her to go home unless I stop her.
That's great and all, but she's come all this way, so I want to
make the most of our time together.
　たとえば、いっしょにどこかへ遊びに出かけるとか。
　そうだな。
The weather's great, so I'll take her outside.
"I've still got some time left. Is there anything else you would
like me to do?"
"That's plenty. Thanks."
I tap Multi on the shoulder.
"But there's still time..."
「だったらさ、オレといっしょにどこか遊びに出かけようぜ？」
「えっ？」
「このオレとデートしようぜ＠」
"A d-date?!"
"Yeah."
I smile.
"The weather's great, so I'm sure it'll make for a fun date."
「<name>さんが、わたしとデート…」
"You don't mind, right? Let's go."
I say.
"S-Sure! I'd love to go!"
Multi nods enthusiastically with the biggest grin on her face.
Now then...
We leave home without deciding where to go, but now what?
Where should we go?
"Multi..."
"...Yes."
Multi's happiness level is already at 120%.
"Is there anywhere you want to go?"
"Right!
　
どこでも結構です」
　想像どおりの答えが返ってきた。
"You've come all this way, so let's go somewhere you want to go.
Maybe somewhere you've never been before?"
"Right!
　
ほとんどどこにも行ったことはありません」
　これまた想像どおりの答えが返ってきた。
...Hmm. What to do?
A movie theater or amusement park would be the usual date spots.
I don't think a movie is the right vibe...
So, I guess we're going to an amusement park.
"How about an amusement park?"
"An amusement...park?"
"There'll be a huge Ferris wheel and some fun attractions..."
"Wow..."
Multi's eyes sparkle.
"Wanna go?"
"Yes, definitely!"
"Then that settles it. We gotta buy tickets first, so let's get them
from that ticket machine."
"Okay."
And so Multi and I hop onto a train and head to an amusement park.
It's Multi's first time on a train as well, and she's full of
emotion.
She's really easy to please.
Okay, we're here.
It's a weekend, so it's packed with people.
There are lots of families and couples around.
"Wow, so this is an amusement park?"
Multi's eyes widen, and she looks around, soaking up all the sights.
Every experience is new to her, and everything she sees probably
feels novel.
"This place is so full of life!"
That's Multi's first impression.
"It's extra lively today because it's a weekend."
Not to mention the amazing weather.
"Everyone looks like they're having lots of fun."
"What about you?"
"Yes...
　楽しいです！
　とっても！」
Multi grins.
Seeing that smile of hers makes me really glad I brought her here.
"Alright then, Multi."
"Yes."
"There's no point standing around doing nothing. Let's go on some
rides."
"Correct."
"There are lots of fun ones here. We probably won't have time to get
around to all of them."
"Ooh, I'm so excited!"
"Okay, let's go."
"Yes."
I hold Multi's hand and take her with me.
Multi and me.
We probably look like a couple to the average person.
The two of us visit all kinds of attractions.
　乗り物に乗るやつ、建物のなかを歩くやつ。
Our day is spent using our time effectively to enjoy all the park
has to offer.
Multi is particularly thrilled about walking through the building
featuring the fantastical worlds.
The world of forests, world of fire, world of mirrors... She's
blown away by every new world she steps into.
I even take her to a haunted house to give her a little fright.
But Multi isn't the slightest bit scared.
Or rather, she doesn't really understand the concept of ghosts and
monsters.
What a letdown.
I really want to scare her, so I tell her all about ghosts and
monsters... But that makes her feel sorry for them instead and she
starts to tear up.
My plan is a failure.
I decide to pass on the rollercoasters.
The last thing I want is for her breaker to trip from the shock
making it so that I have to carry her home on my back.
Time passes and we decide to go on the giant Ferris wheel for a
relaxing break.
"Wow, this is incredible..."
"Whoa, we're pretty high up."
We have a view of not only the amusement park, but the surrounding
area as well.
Guess they don't call it a "giant" Ferris wheel for nothing.
"Are you tired?"
"No, not in the slightest. I've even packed a back-up battery today."
"A back-up battery?"
"Yes.
開発スタッフの方々が、必要だろうと貸してくださったんです」
"...Huh. Interesting."
Multi then tells me all about the lab staff and what it's like
living in the lab.
She isn't great at explaining, but she tries her best.
I can tell that she's very much loved by the engineers.
I realize that her kind personality is fostered by the loving
environment the engineers brought her up in.
"I'm so thankful to all of the engineers. I'm who I am today thanks
to them working so hard around the clock.
そして、おかげで、わたしはこうして、<name>さんに出会うこともできました」
"They're practically your parents, so it makes sense that you're
grateful to them."
"Yes."
Multi nods with a smile on her face.
「それから、開発スタッフのみなさんと同じくらい、<name>さんにも感謝してます」
"Haha, you really don't have to be."
Multi then seems to look apologetic.
"Sorry..."
She says.
"Hm?
What do you mean?"
"I came to repay my debt to you, but now I owe you even more."
"Stop that. I'm enjoying myself today too, so you don't have to feel
indebted to me."
「…<name>さん」
"Listen, you're having fun, I'm having fun. The both of us having
fun is how a good date should be!"
"Yeah.
それじゃあ、デートって、とってもすばらしいものですね！」
"They are. They're what help two people who like each other to fall
even further in love."
"Two people who...like each other?"
"I like you, Multi. How do you feel about me?"
「えっ！？」
"Do you like me?"
"Do you hate me?"
"I-I like you!"
Multi's face turns bright red as she gives me a clear answer.
「わたしは、<name>さんが大好きですっ！」
"Yeah?
じゃあ、ふたりは好き同士だな。
好き同士がするデートだぜ。
楽しくないわけないだろ？」
"...R-Right!"
"So let's go on another date sometime."
I bark.
「え？」
"I don't want today to be our last date. Let's go on another and
another. And after that, even more dates!"
"What?"
"I'll take you to a whole bunch of other fun places."
I laugh bashfully.
「<name>さん…」
Tears begin to well up in Multi's eyes.
And...
"Th-Thank you so much..."
She says, eyes softening as she looks at me.
"Okay, where should we go next time? How about the aquarium? You've
never seen fish before, have you? Oh, and animals! We could go to
the zoo too."
"Hey, which do you wanna see? Animals or fish?"
I ask, but...
"Multi seems to have mixed emotions and doesn't respond.
"What's wrong? You don't like either of them?"
"N-No, that's not it..."
「だったらどっちがいい？
　なんだったら、まったくべつのとこでもいいけどよ」
"Is there somewhere you want to go?"
"...Huh? Oh, um..."
Multi looks away without really responding.
"She seems to be acting strangely.
"The carriage of our Ferris wheel eventually reaches the top.
We can see out farther than before.
"Multi..."
I look over at Multi with a forced smile.
"Okay."
「…なあ、お前、もしかして、オレになにか隠してんじゃねーのか？」
「えっ？」
"You look troubled every time I bring up the next time."
"What?"
"Multi...
まさか、今日が最後…
ってこと、ないよな？」
"Um..."
"Is this...our last day together?"
"I know the answer without her even responding.
Multi is as honest as they come, and the truth is always written on
her face.
「そうなんだな？
　今日が本当の最後だから、だからお前は、オレに会いに来たんだな？」
Multi hesitates to answer for a while, but eventually...
"Right..."
She says with a slight nod.
「どうして…？」
I ask her with an awkward smile.
Multi tears up a little as she turns to me and slowly opens her
mouth to speak.
「…わたしはもともと試作機です。
ですから、この試験期間が終わると同時に、その役目も終わりになります。
だから、<name>さんとも、今日が最後になります」
"...So I was right?"
"Right.
黙っていて、すみませんでした」
"What's going to happen to you, Multi?"
"They will retrieve all of the data I have accumulated and then
reset me.
The data will be transferred to the main computer in the company
and used to develop the final consumer product. A new version of me
will be uploaded into my body for the next test."
"...Wh-What? Then that means the robot you are today won't exist
anymore?"
"I won't cease to exist. The data will still remain. It will be
stored in the company's servers...just like how a human would sleep."
"Sleep? When do you get to wake up then?!"
「…それは」
"If you'll be asleep forever then that's the same as you ceasing to
exist!"
"But the data that serves as my heart will eventually be sold
commercially and inherited by my 'little sisters.'"
"Little sisters? The mass-produced versions of you that will go on
sale?"
"Thank you.
…さすがに、個人的な思い出などは受け継ぐことは出来ませんが、きっとみんな、わたしにそっくりな性格になると思います」
「でも、それはやっぱりマルチじゃなくて、マルチを参考にして作られたコピーだろう？
　目の前にいるお前は、もういなくなっちまうじゃねーか」
「………」
「…マルチ、お前、そんなんでいいのかよ？
　寂しくないのかよ？
　怖くねーのかよ？」
"How can you say all those things with a smile on your face?"
　マルチはしばらくなにも言わずに、じっとうつむいていたが、やがてゆっくり顔を上げると──。
"Because I'm a robot."
She says with her usual beaming smile.
"I'm okay with that because I'm a robot. Robots don't have a real
heart. They don't feel sad or scared. All they have is data."
"Multi..."
　嘘つけよ。
　お前には心があるじゃねーか。
You get more scared, cry more, and have a heart kinder than any
human I know...
「わたしはもともと、これから生まれてくる妹たちのために作られたんです。
かわいい妹たちに、このデータを受け渡すために生まれたんです」
"But I was a happy robot. I'm a prototype that was made purely to
collect data, yet I've made so many memories... I'm an overjoyed
robot."
"I wanted to see you today at all costs to tell you just that... I
wanted to see you, speak to you, and repay your kindness."
「………」
「<name>さん。
Hiroyuki. I'm really glad I became friends with you. You were
always so kind to me...and treated me like a human."
"Because...you're Multi..."
I mumble.
「…え？」
"It wasn't about you being a robot or a human, to me...you're just
Multi."
「<hira:1>、<name>さん…
Ack."
She seems close to tears for a moment, but then squeezes her eyes
shut to stop herself from crying and rubs her eyes with her hands
before her usual smile returns to her face.
「…今日は、とっても幸せでした。
わたし、あんなお家で、<name>さんみたいなご主人様のために働くのが夢だったんです。
今日はそれが、短い間ですけど叶いました」
「………」
「…残念ながら、わたしは試作機ですから、その夢は叶いませんけど、やがて生まれる妹たちのひとりが、今日みたいに、<name>さんにお仕えできれば嬉しいです」
"Multi...!"
I'm so caught up in the revelation that I don't notice that the
Ferris wheel has almost reached the bottom.
It's almost completed its loop.
We don't have much time left on the Ferris wheel.
And Multi and I don't have much time left together.
「開発スタッフの方々も、学校で知り合ったみなさんも、バスで知り合ったおばあさんも、そして<name>さんも、わたし、人間のみなさんが大好きです。
I love bringing joy to humans."
「…そうか」
"I want to share these feelings of mine with my little sisters who
will be born after me. I want them to love humans just like I do."
"Multi..."
"I want them to show gratitude to humans on my behalf."
"...You're so kind."
I smile and look down.
Tears trickle from my eyes.
I have so much love for Multi at that moment.
"Thank you so much for today. I will record today's events in the
most precious part of my memories."
"...And I won't ever forget you either."
I said.
"Ack."
A lump forms in her throat as she gives me a long, heartfelt bow.
She doesn't lift her head for the longest time.
I know exactly why.
Tears pitter-patter onto the floor.
　マルチもオレといっしょだ。
She doesn't want others to see her cry.
"Multi..."
"Ah!"
I pull her in and hold her slender body tight.
"Let's have a blast today, okay?"
「…えっ」
"We'll have so much fun that we'll double the number of memories you
have."
「…<hira:1>、<name>さん」
"...We'll make so many memories that you'll have fun even if you
don't wake up from your sleep."
"O-Okay."
It tears me up inside, but that's all I can do for her.
Our Ferris wheel carriage reaches the platform to exit.
　その言葉どおり、オレとマルチは、時間の許すかぎり、遊びまわった。
We go to the merch store where I buy a straw hat for Multi.
「<name>さん！
　
どうですか！？」
"It looks great on you."
"Thank you so much! I'll treasure this forever!"
"Yeah..."
That beaming smile of Multi's is etched deeply and brightly into
the back of my mind.
