（マルチ　回数イベント　２Ｆ　ＬＶ４）
（選択肢Ａ　掃除を手伝ってやる）
Since it's her last day, I decide to help her clean.
"So that means today's the last day I can help you clean, then."
I grab a mop.
「…あっ、<name>さん。
…もしかして、また、お手伝いしてくださるんですか…？」
"I did."
I nod.
"I can't let you do that. I always feel so bad for making you help
me."
Multi looks apologetic.
She has a notion in her head that defines robots as tools for
humans. This means that it doesn't feel right to her for a human
like me to help a robot like her.
"C'mon we're not strangers. This is practically a regular occurrence
now."
I smile.
"Yes, but..."
"You don't have to be polite. I want to clean for you just like how
you clean for everyone else."
"For...me?"
"That's right. You love the fact that your cleaning brings everyone
joy, rather than the actual act of cleaning itself, right?"
"What?"
"The same applies to me. Honestly...I don't really like cleaning,
but I want to do something for you."
I splosh the mop into the bucket to try and hide my embarrassment.
"F-For me? But I'm just a robot."
"You don't like it when I help you?"
"No, I do! I love it! It makes me so happy!"
"...Then that means I'm happy and you're happy. We're both happy.
Isn't that all that matters?"
「…<hira:1>、<name>さん」
"Okay, let's get started."
I splosh the mop head onto the floor.
"O-Okay!
　ありがとうございます！」
Multi beams with joy.
She mops the floors, pushing her mop more conscientiously than ever.
Her energy is different from that of a student being forced to
clean against their will.
It's because she has a clear goal of wanting to make others happy
by mopping the floors squeaky clean.
As I gaze across the hallway floor, the portion that Multi is in
charge of shines and reflects the sun's rays with a radiance that
sets it apart from the rest of the patches.
This is obviously because of the hard work Multi has been putting
in over the last week.
I'm taken aback again because I realize that only concerted hard
work can produce such a sheen.
*slosh, slosh, slosh, slosh*
As Multi puts her back into mopping, sweat begins to form on her
brow, despite the fact that she's a robot.
She focuses on and scours the more stubborn stains.
"It's bittersweet to think this is the last day I'll see that
serious look on her face.
　できれば、もっといっしょにいたかったな。
Seeing Multi work so hard spurs me on to grip my mop with more
strength.
　──そして、オレとマルチは最後の掃除を終えて、いっしょに掃除用具を片づけた。
"Hey, Multi?"
"Yes"
"You're just gonna go home after this, right?"
"Um... I've said my goodbyes to the teachers as well as other people
who have looked out for me so...yes, that's right."
「だったら、今日はいっしょに帰ろうぜ？」
「えっ？」
"I'll walk you to the bus stop."
"Oh, okay!"
"Thank you for taking such good care of me."
Multi bows towards the school.
The school goes quiet earlier on Saturdays than it does on weekdays.
Other than Multi and me, who have been cleaning until late, the
only other students around are the ones on the field or in the gym
for their school club activities.
"I had so much fun in the short time I was here. I will never forget
the eight days I spent at this school."
　ちょっと遅い…
もしくは、ずいぶんと早い卒業式。
Multi is the only student graduating.
"She stares at the school with a profound look on her face.
　その背中を見ていると、やっぱり少し、かわいそうに思えた。
She's a robot, yet she has a heart much like me and the other
students.
Her smile never leaves her face, but I can sense a hint of
loneliness within it.
　このままずっと、オレたちといっしょに学校にいられればいいのに…。
*tap, tap, tap*
"Sorry. Thank you for waiting."
Multi says as she runs over to me.
"Are you sure you're ready to go?"
"Yes. I've soldered everything firmly into my memory."
Multi responds with a bright smile.
This is the last day I'll see this smile, huh.
"WIIIIITH MUUUUUCH RESPEEEEECT...
TO OOOOUR TEEEACHERS WE ARE INDEEEEBT...
...Um, what are you doing?"
"With Much Respect. You don't know the song?"
「はい…」
"It's a song we sing at graduation ceremonies across the country."
"At...graduation ceremonies?"
"Yeah. Today's pretty much your graduation ceremony, no?"
「…え」
"AAAAND TO THEEE SCHOOOOL GROOUNDS FROM WHIIIICH THEY TEEEACH
Urgh...
ううっ………
TIIIIIME DOTH PAAAAASS SO QUIIIIICK...
」
「…うっ、うう、<hira:1>、<name>さん、
ありがとうございます…」
Under the calm rays of the afternoon sun, Multi and I walk down the
hill together.
The wind, tinged with the fragrance of early summer, brushes
against our cheeks as it passes by.
I ask Multi a meaningless question and she responds with a smile,
wiping the remaining tears from her eyes.
We walk slower than normal, yet we still inevitably reach our
destination.
"Are you going to wait here for Serio again?"
「はい」
Multi nods.
"Looks like she's not here yet."
"Serio's always on time. We just got here a little early."
"That means we can talk for a little longer."
「はい」
She nods again.
"Okay, what should we talk about? Let me think..."
「…<name>さん」
Multi begins to speak in a somewhat polite and formal tone.
"Yes?"
"I am truly sorry for all the trouble I have caused you over this
past week."
She bows deeply.
"Oh come on now. You haven't caused me any trouble at all. I've had
so much fun ever since I met you."
"I've had fun too. You saved me from danger and helped me to clean...
You've looked after me this whole time without me doing anything in
return..."
"That's not true."
「本来なら、ロボットのわたしが<name>さんのために、なにかしなくちゃいけないのに…」
"I told you, it's totally fine. Don't mention it."
I chuckle awkwardly in embarrassment.
「…<name>さん」
Multi then hangs her head in embarrassment and whispers.
"What is it?"
"If..."
"If?"
「もしも、もうしばらく自由な時間があれば、わたし、<name>さんにご恩返しがしたかったです。
みなさんのためじゃなく、<name>さんだけのために、なにかしたかったです」
「マルチ…」
Multi looks at me with her burning, teary eyes and gives me a soft
smile.
"Thanks, Multi!"
I stroke Multi's head.
「あっ、<hira:1>、<name>さん…；」
「マルチ。
お前って、ホント、律儀で優しいいい子だな。
──よしよしっ」
She keeps stroking my hair.
「<hira:1>、<name>さん…」
*sst, sst, sst, sst*
"As I stroke her head, Multi cups her reddened cheeks with her hands
while her eyes glaze over in bliss.
"Look at you. Do you like having your head stroked?"
"Y-Yes, I do."
"Does it make you happy?"
"Y-Yes, very happy."
"Okay, then I'll stroke up a storm."
*sst, sst, sst, sst*
"Ah...
*sst, sst, sst, sst*
"*sst, sst, sst, sst*
"In the midst of the petting session, Serio appears.
「──お待たせしました、マルチさん」
"Oh, Serio!"
Multi says in a blissful daze.
"I guess that means it's time to say goodbye."
"Oh...!"
My words seem to snap Multi out of her dream-like state.
There isn't much time left until the bus is supposed to arrive.
It's finally time to part ways.
　最後にオレは──。
A. Suggest that we take some nekopuri to remember our time together.
B. Stroke her head one final time.
C. Ask if we'll see each other again.
