（マルチ　回数イベント　１階１）
（選択肢Ａ　動力源は？）
I suddenly have a spike in curiosity about Multi's source of power.
Robomaids generally run on batteries, I think.
　けど、最新型っていうんなら、またべつのなにかで動いているのかもしれない。
I'll ask her about that.
"Hey, Multi?"
「はい？」
"What are you powered by?"
"My source of power?"
「そうそう」
"Electricity."
Multi answers.
Huh, well that was anticlimactic.
Of course that's what she's powered by.
　機械がご飯で動くわけねーもんな。
"So if electricity powers you, does that mean you're fitted with a
battery?"
"Yes. It's something called a 'lithium battery,' apparently"
"Lithium...?"
"Yes, it's a more powerful version of the ones used in cellphones
and stuff like that."
"Do you sometimes change it?"
「いえ、充電するんです。
人間のみなさんがご飯を食べるくらいの回数で」
"Huh. So if you don't charge yourself in time then you'll stop?"
"I can manage for a while... Um, I've got something called a
secondary fuel cell which lets me generate some of my own power,
apparently."
"A fuel cell?"
Another doo-dad I've never heard of.
"I don't quite understand it myself, but I think it produces
electricity by combining hydrogen? And um, oxygen? To create some
kind of reaction...apparently."
"Hydrogen and oxygen to produce electricity?"
「ええっと、たしか、『水の電気分解』とかいうのがあってですね──」
"Ohhh, I learned about that in middle school. Something about water
splitting into hydrogen and oxygen when you put an electric current
into it."
"Yes, that's the one! My fuel cell does the opposite. It makes
hydrogen react with oxygen to create electricity and water."
"...Interesting. So you've got hydrogen and oxygen inside of you?"
"No, just hydrogen. There's plenty of oxygen around us."
"And that's the source of fuel for your fuel cell then."
"It generates supplementary power when my battery runs out or I do
any form of vigorous exercise, apparently."
The fact that she adds "apparently" to the end of everything must
mean that she really doesn't know for sure herself either.
「なあ、ところで、さっきの説明だと、電気といっしょに水ができるんだろ？
　その水はどうすんだ？」
"Oh, that? It comes out in the form of sweat and..."
「あとは？」
"And, uh, I-I go to the toilet..."
"Oh, r-right."
She's so human-like, even to the oddest of details.
