（琴
音との出会いイントロ）
（あかり　立ち）
「でも、今年一年、ずっと<name>ちゃんといっしょだと思うと、なんだか嬉しいな」
Akari smiles.
"...Where'd that come from?"
I prop my elbow on my desk, rest my chin on my hand and sigh in
exasperation.
"I'm sure we're both tired of seeing each other's faces."
「ううん、私はまだ<name>ちゃんの顔、見飽きてないよ。
…じゃあ、この一年間で飽きるぐらい見よっかな？」
"...Do you even have any control over those words coming out of your
mouth? Doofus."
It's my third day as a junior.
　そういえば、あかりといっしょのクラスになったのは、何年ぶりだろう。
Was the last time when we were freshmen in middle school?
　幼稚園のころからずっと同じ学校に通ってるけど、クラスがいっしょになったのはほんの２、３回しかない。
「ねえ、今日いっしょに帰ろっか？」
Akari says, smiling as her eyes soften.
"Huh? Why?"
"Why? I mean, no particular reason, but..."
Akari cracks an awkward smile and then...
"Hey, hey! Everyone! Listen up! I've got big news! HUGE news!"
Shiho suddenly bursts into the classroom making a huge ruckus.
Everyone looks over to see what the fuss is about.
When they realize that it's Shiho...
"What's the big news then, huh?"
One of the guys says.
"You wanna know? Then gather around and listen up."
Shiho bangs on the teacher's desk and a few students stand up to
gather around it.
There are about seven or eight of them.
A bunch of curious ears, eh.
「<name>ちゃん、志保が大ニュースだって」
「知るか。
どーせガセだよ。
お前が代わりに聞いてやってくれ」
「<name>ちゃん行かないの？」
"Nah, I'm good. You can fill me in later."
"You're so cold towards Shiho, honestly."
Akari chuckles as she nods and heads over to the teacher's podium.
I lay my head on my desk.
There's still some time until homeroom.
If I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times, nothing feels
better than dozing off during that little window of time before
homeroom.
I have no intention of listening in on Shiho's wild, baseless
rumors.
「はいはい！
　そこの<family><name>！
　寝てないでこっちに来なさいよっ」
　名指しで呼ばれ、オレの気分は一気にぶち壊しになった。
"Pipe down. You're got a big enough audience already."
"There's no point unless you're here too. Masashi, go and bring him
over. Quick!"
I look over and see Masashi strolling into the classroom.
"What's up, Shiho?"
「今から取っときの大ニュースを披露すんのよ。
みんなあんたと<nick>を待ってんだから」
Nobody is waiting for anyone, but Shiho pulls out another one of
her sneaky lies.
"Oh, okay. Got it."
Masashi nods in a panic.
"Shiho, you filthy liar!"
"Oh stop your whining and just come here like I told you to."
「行こうよ、<name>」
Now Masashi is in on it too.
「<family>～、お前も来いよ～」
The other students gathered around Shiho also join in the chorus
calling for me, so I am forced to relent.
"Yeah, yeah, fine."
I begrudgingly get up.
...Damn it. Way to ruin my moment of peace.
"Okaaaay! Now that everyone's here it's time to get to business."
"Nagaoka, who does the scandal involve this time?"
One of the girls asks.
"A scandal? Hmm, not quite."
"Then an incident?"
"Less of an incident and more of a 'supernatural' phenomenon, I'd
say!"
The crowd around Shiho stirs in response.
They look excited for more information, yet concerned at the same
time.
All of the students are there to listen in on a fun story from
Shiho, regardless of whether it is true or not.
I am not one of those students.
"Out of stories so now you're dabbling in supernatural phenomena,
eh?"
I say for everyone to hear with an unimpressed look on my face.
"Excuse me?! What do you mean by that?"
「言わなきゃわかんねえのか？
　つまり──」
「まあまあ<name>、ちゃんと聞いてあげようよ」
Masashi stops me before I can finish my sentence.
"We'll see if you can still talk big after you hear my juicy news."
　ここぞとばかり大口をたたく志保。
"Yeah, whatever. I'll keep my mouth shut so spit it out already."
There isn't any point in continuing the argument.
Now that I think about it, I would just be causing trouble for the
other students gathered here if I keep snapping back at Shiho.
「──さ～て、とんだ邪魔が入ったけど、ここからホントの本題よ」
Everyone quiets down and listens intently to Shiho.
"One of the new freshmen has psychic powers."
"Psychic powers?"
The students mumble dubiously.
I can't help but laugh with a huff.
"Meaning they have supernatural powers?"
Masashi asks as he stands next to me.
"Yup, that's right."
Shiho nods pompously.
　すると、今度は別の奴が聞いた。
"Like they can use telekinesis and telepathy and stuff?"
"Yeah, stuff like that."
Shiho nods and everyone quietly makes sounds of surprise and shock.
They don't seem convinced.
As for me, I snort again.
"Sounds pretty fishy. Actually, it sounds completely bogus."
That's what I want to say, but I don't want to get into another
dragged-out argument so I decide not to.
Instead...
"So? What about them?"
I expand the conversation.
Shiho makes a face as if I'd piped up unnecessarily.
"Before I get into that, do you know about the incident during the
entrance ceremony?"
I ask.
"Of course we do. Where the principal almost got injured, right?"
Masashi says, the other students nod in agreement.
The principal almost got injured? I don't remember that.
"I'll explain what happened for those who look confused."
Shiho then starts to recount the incident with all sorts of hand
gestures.
「入学式、校長センセが長ったらしいお話を始めました。
『これからみなさんが体験する、高校生活というものは──』
　ってね。
No one was really listening.
Not long after, one of the students pointed at the ceiling and
screamed, 'Look out!'
　みんなが見上げると、舞台の上を照らす照明のひとつが、フッと暗くなったの。
　照明を吊るしてるコードが痛んでて、重みで切れそうになってたのよね。
　みんなの見てる前で、配線のコードが一本ずつプチッと切れていって──。
CRASH! It fell.
　幸い、落ちたのが校長センセからひとつずれた場所だったから良かったけど、あのでかいライトがもし命中しちゃったりしてたら、さすがの校長センセもひとたまりもなかったわよね～」
I want to butt in and retort if they'd been okay if it was a small
light, but I decide not to.
"And what's that got to do with the psychic or whatever?"
I ask the question on everyone's minds.
"Ah, yes! What does it have to do with her?!"
Shiho strikes a weird pose and points at me.
"Quit being so dramatic and tell us already."
"Would you all be surprised if I told you that there was someone who
said that the ceremony should be called off because the lights on
the stage were unsafe...before the principal even began their speech?"
Before the speech...?
"Like someone predicted the future?!"
Everyone sounds shocked.
"Yes, predicted the future. I couldn't have said it better myself...
If I were to tell you that one of the new freshmen made that
prediction...that would bring this all full circle, no?"
"Are you being serious, Nagaoka? It wasn't just a coincidence?"
Shiho answers by wagging her finger and clicking her tongue.
"How very naive of you. I've already looked into it and found out
that she'd made many predictions at her previous school too."
"Who is this person then?"
Shiho oozes with a smug air of victory.
"Hehe! You wanna know?"
Everyone nods, Shiho included.
「そのエスパーの名は、『姫川琴音（ひめかわことね）』、女の子よ。
それも結構、美人」
Everyone oohs and ahhs in response.
　オレのリアクションは──。
A. "Wow."
B. "Who could believe that nonsense?!"
C. "I dunno..."
