（琴音との出会い　イントロ　選択肢Ａ）
"Wow."
I am genuinely impressed.
But I still am not entirely convinced.
I believe the entrance ceremony incident because there seems to be
other witnesses around too.
"She made a major prediction this time, but a lot of other
paranormal occurrences have been happening around her too."
"Yeah? Like what?"
"Like a window she was staring at shattering without her even
touching it or a heavy vase sliding across a surface."
"Are you sure that's not some kind of poltergeist?"
"That's a big word for someone like you. Are you an occult fanatic?"
"Everyone knows what a poltergeist is."
"I was just kidding. There are some people who think that the
phenomena happening around her are the work of a poltergeist... But
there are witness accounts of the psychic herself denying that."
"That it wasn't the work of ghosts?"
"Yup. She said she did it herself."
"So you're saying that she dropped the spotlight in the gymnasium
too?"
I can't stop myself from chiming in with a question.
"That's what I'm saying."
"But if she's going around breaking things using psychic powers,
wouldn't that mean she's dangerous?"
I start to picture a beautiful, yet destructive girl.
"Who knows? I'm still investigating that. The only thing I wanted to
mention today was the psychic freshman and the gymnasium incident.
Stay tuned for updates! Okay?
　
って感じね」
"Then go and get investigating. I wanna know the truth."
"Hold your horses, geez. There wouldn't be such a rush if you didn't
ask unnecessary questions."
"That's no way to treat someone who was kind enough to listen."
"Kind enough to listen? I was letting you in on the juicy gossip."
"Say what now? You were the one who dragged me out of my peaceful
slumber to listen to you yammer."
「なんだかんだ言って聞いてるのはあんたよ」
"Why you little—"
I finally blow my fuse.
「…あ～あ、また始まったよ。
長岡と<family>の痴話喧嘩が」
"No point sticking your nose into an old couple's quarrels. They're
juniors now and their fights are still as trivial as ever."
"Looks like that's it for today."
Just as I am ready to go in for the kill, our audience scatters and
returns to their seats.
Only Akari and Masashi chuckling awkwardly to themselves remain.
Both Shiho and I miss our chance to get right into it.
"...Call it a truce for today?"
"Yeah.
ふたりで言い合っててもしかたねえ」
"Okay, then I'm heading off to the classroom next door."
"Next time, do some more research before you start spreading rumors."
"I'll think about it."
Shiho skips off to the adjacent classroom.
　オレは残った二人といっしょに席に向かう。
「超能力だって。
すごいね、<name>ちゃん」
Akari looks thoroughly impressed.
"It was all probably just a coincidence."
"I wonder what it feels like to be able to move things with your
mind."
Masashi looks just as impressed as Akari.
「お前まですんなり信用すんなよ」
"Don't be such a skeptic. Everyone has intuition, you know?"
"Hey, come on!
予言の話はそれでいいけど、物が壊れたり動いたりすんのはどう説明すんだ？
　虫が動かすのかよ？」
"Umm...
それがわからないから超能力なんだよ」
「…お前、言うことが志保に似てきたな」
"R-Really? I gotta be more careful."
Masashi says with a serious look on his face.
I can't tell if he is joking or not.
"If Shiho heard you say that stuff, she'd never stop talking.."
I respond in a way that is appropriate regardless.
"I think psychic powers are incredible, but I'd prefer not to have
them."
"Why?
　あると便利じゃねえか」
You could go on TV and earn a killing...
"Hm?
でも、普通じゃない人って苦労が多そうだから…」
"And you're not the sharpest one around sometimes, so it's more your
character to not have psychic powers."
The bell for the start of homeroom rings as we talk.
Honestly, a freshman with the added title of "psychic"? Give me a
break.
...But I guess Shiho is the only one who actually believes it.
