（琴音との出会い　イントロ　選択肢Ｂ）
There's no way psychic powers actually exist in the real world.
"Who'd seriously believe that bologna?"
I reject her idea straight up.
「焦らない焦らない。
まだ続きがあんのよ。
──で、今回は大予言だったけど、その子の回りでは常に不思議なことが起こってるのよ」
"Strange how?"
"Like a window she was staring at shattering without her even
touching it and a heavy vase moving around!"
"That sounds like an even bigger pile of bologna."
I say bluntly.
But Shiho isn't the type to stay quiet with someone constantly
picking apart her story.
She points her finger straight at me.
"Listen, you! I've got plenty of witnesses! Are you calling them all
liars?"
She spits with such force that it feels like a beam could shoot
from her fingertip at any moment.
"Cut the crap. Look, I'll let you have the incident at the entrance
ceremony, but I won't let you ramble about the existence of
supernatural powers as if they're commonplace."
「なんですって～っ！
　
いるのよ！？
　
超能力少女は実在すんのよ！？
　
超能力が世の中に認められる日は近いのよ！」
"And that's what I won't believe."
I retort with ease.
Shiho's face turns bright red. It looks like she is about to say
something, but then she suddenly begins to nod like she's just
remembering something.
"Great!
あたしの先進的発言についていけなかったのね。
いつの時代も、古い人間はそうやって革新を拒むのよ」
"You dingus. Who's 'stuck in their old ways,' huh?"
"Listen up, everybody, are you going to let this guy with outdated
ideas tell you what to think?!"
Shiho looks to others for support, possibly because she feels
threatened.
「さあ？
　
<family>が長岡にいちゃもんつけるのは、一年のころからだし」
「新学期早々、<family>に技あり」
"I believe in supernatural powers."
Nobody is chiming in to help Shiho, but rather with their own
opinions, make the situation all the more chaotic.
"Hey, Shiho. Looks like no one's gonna come and save you."
「むむむ～っ！
　
いいわよ！
　
他にもあたしの情報を待ってるみんながいるんだからっ！
　
あんたに構ってるヒマなんてないのよ！」
She says as she leaves the classroom in a huff.
"Tch. We're juniors now and we're still arguing over the same crap?"
I sigh and return to my seat.
Kotone Himekawa, was it?
Poor girl getting targeted by Shiho as a source of gossip after
only just starting school here.
