（琴音　好
感度イベント１）
（回数イベントを見た次の日の休み時間）
I went out looking for Kotone's classroom.
I want to try apologizing to her again.
As I walk past the freshmen classrooms, I have a quick peek into
each of them.
Class A... Nope.
Class B... Bingo.
Kotone is sitting in (probably) her seat, reading a book.
But she is located in the back of the classroom, so I'd have to
scream pretty loud to get her attention.
We've only spoken twice before, so it'd be weird if I called out to
her like one of her buddies.
As I mull over what to do, one of the students gets up to leave the
classroom.
Perfect, I'll have her get Kotone for me.
"Do you have a minute?"
「はい？」
The girl looks at me in confusion over why a junior is talking to
her.
"I need to talk to Himekawa. Could you call her over for me?"
「ああ、またあの霊媒女を──」
The girl frantically covers her mouth to cut off her own sentence.
She looks like she had accidentally said something she shouldn't
have.
"Y-You want Himekawa?"
She tries to regain her composure, but still sounds awkward.
It seemed as though the girl didn't have the greatest impression of
Kotone.
Is "creepy girl" her nickname or something?
　なんだよ、そりゃ。
"You just called Himekawa 'creepy girl,' right?
Does everyone call her that?"
I ask out of curiosity.
"Oh, um...yes, they do."
She doesn't respond with much conviction, but it is clear that the
other students probably do call her that.
Now I'm curious as to why.
"Has it got anything to do with the rumors about her psychic powers?
I don't really know much about her so..."
"However..."
"You've heard the rumors, right? Could you fill me in?"
After racking her brain for some time...
"Don't tell her I told you, okay?"
The girl seeks reassurance.
Sounds like she is ready to tell me.
"Sure. But give me all the details in return."
We go somewhere else and the girl tells me all kinds of things
about Kotone.
In summary,
　現象は中学の頃から起こりだした。
Belief in the matter aside, Kotone is well known amongst the
freshmen for having supernatural powers.
　の、二つ。
Lightbulbs or windows would suddenly break, followed by Kotone
apologizing to everyone for the phenomena—that was the usual
pattern.
At first, the teachers looked into whether Kotone was causing
trouble, but they didn't find anything out of the ordinary.
Some kind of set-up would be needed to shatter lightbulbs or
windows without physically touching them.
Yet they couldn't find anything of the sort and were resigned to
shrug in confusion.
That still didn't mean they believed in the supernatural abilities
she insisted on possessing.
In fact, Kotone herself couldn't use her powers whenever she wanted
to.
Who would believe in someone's supernatural abilities if she
couldn't replicate them on cue?
The accepted conclusion was that the windows and lightbulbs had
degraded over time and spontaneously shattered.
But what about Kotone who insisted on being the cause behind them?
The teachers assumed that she had a mental illness.
A kind of paranoid delusion, apparently.
Kotone took some time off school.
There were rumors that she had been admitted to a psychiatric
facility.
She returned to school after some time, but the phenomena of things
(mostly light bulbs and windows) breaking continued.
Even the teachers began to find it strange.
But they couldn't find it in themselves to blame Kotone and
eventually stopped saying anything at all.
That was how the adults dealt with it.
The students, however, weren't so kind.
Someone started a rumor that it was a ghost possessing Kotone that
was breaking the glass.
That's how she got horrible nicknames like "creepy girl" and "evil
spirit girl."
　仲のいい友だちも、周囲の目を気にしてだんだん遠ざかっていく。
Kotone noticed and moved to isolate herself from them too.
　中学を卒業する頃には、完全に孤立した存在になっていたそうだ。
Despite this, there were students who approached her out of
curiosity upon hearing those rumors when she started at my school.
But they quickly distanced themselves from her after witnessing the
paranormal phenomenon, wanting no part of it themselves.
It didn't take long for Kotone to become isolated again.
　──というのが、話の内容だ。
I said such insensitive things to her without knowing what she'd
been through...
My conversation with the girl goes on for so long that I don't get
a chance to speak to Kotone.
I guess I learned a lot, though...
