（琴音　追加イベント）
That night, I start reading a book I bought. It is called "The
World of Supernatural Powers."
I want to learn all about the subject to help out Kotone.
　なになに──、超能力には大きく分けて４種類がある、と。
The first is telepathy.
Generally speaking, it's the ability to tap into the minds of
others.
Akari can communicate to a certain extent using her eyes, but
that's not exactly telepathy.
The next one is clairvoyance.
The ability to see things that are far away or hidden from view
because they're in a box or something.
Who cares about the contents of a box? I can think of other hidden
things I'd rather see, huh.
And then there's precognition.
The ability to predict the future.
Nostradamus is a prime example.
People who have the ability to tap into psychic knowledge of the
past also fall into the same category.
Psychics can often see into the pasts of others—it's that same
ability.
The final one is psychokinesis.
That's what Kotone has.
It's the ability to move objects with your mind.
　ふむふむ──、これらの超能力はすべて同じエネルギーを元に発現する、と…。
We call the source of energy souls or spirits.
Man...this is confusing.
In the end, what I gathered from the book was that the latest
theory suggests that supernatural abilities draw energy from human
souls.
The energy consumed through supernatural abilities is called "Mind
Energy."
　精神エネルギーを扱える人──つまり超能力者は、魂の一部を削って超能力を使っていることになる。
And, as one would expect, they will die if they overuse their
powers.
Even the average person ends up dying if they mentally push
themselves too hard.
There is often news about people dying from overwork or dropping
dead out of nowhere—the cause of death for some of these people is
apparently the excessive use of their Mind Energy.
According to the book, that is.
I would've scoffed so hard at this explanation prior to meeting
Kotone.
...And what happens when people use part of their soul and are
still alive? Well, their mind energy is gradually replenished from
outer space.
"Outer space" makes it sound pretty shady, but there's apparently a
mysterious, invisible material, not unlike air, that exists out
there.
That's what Mind Energy is.
Based on that theory, when that energy continues to flow into
Kotone when she's all topped up, does that mean she starts
overflowing with it?
I think to myself.
What I really want to know is how to control the power, so I
continue to read the book and discover that there is data proving
that psychic power could improve through repeated use.
In other words, it is possible for Kotone to master her abilities
through practice.
There is still no scientific explanation for supernatural abilities,
and I don't know myself if I can believe the author of the book I
had bought, but I decide to have faith anyway.
I read the book from cover to cover, but I can't find any
explanation of supernatural abilities similar to Kotone's, so I
have to give up my search.
Still, she can practice.
If she practices, I'm sure she'll be able to control her powers.
