（琴音　好感度イベント　
ＰＳ）
It is lunch time, and I ask Kotone to come to the school rooftop
with me.
"I did my own research into supernatural abilities, but I couldn't
find anything about your particular powers."
"So I was wondering if you'd tell me more about your powers yourself."
"My powers?"
"Yeah. We might be able to come up with a way to control your powers
if you tell me about them."
「…そうかもしれませんね」
"Let's start with what happens when your powers are about to kick in."
"Okay... It begins with a high-pitched sound..."
"So ringing ears..."
That's when Kotone holds her head.
"Then, it feels like a white light inside my head gradually gets
bigger and bigger..."
"Inside your head? I'm not sure I'm really following."
"I can't explain it very well myself. That's just how it feels..."
"Hmm.
そっからどうなるんだ？」
「光でいっぱいになると、能力が一気に飛び出すんです。
そうならないように光を押さえることはしばらくできます…」
「なるほどな」
That must be when she's crouched down trying to fight something
back.
"...Also, there are times where I know what's about to happen. It's
not often, though."
"You have premonitions?"
...Come to think of it, Shiho did mention something about
predictions at the beginning.
"Yes...I think."
"But you don't get hurt or cause any damage when that happens right?
What about when you lose control?"
"Um, sure...
能力をぎりぎりまでがまんするところからでしたよね？」
"I know...
そのあとにどうなるんだ？」
"When my powers are about to be unleashed, I focus on some kind of
glass."
So she does intentionally break glass?
"...So I was thinking—is it really necessary for you to break glass?
Why don't you move things or something else? You can do that,
right?"
"Yes...but it would be more dangerous to do so."
"Why not?"
I feel like there's not much difference between breaking and moving
things.
"If I move something smaller than the force of my power, then the
remaining power gets turned into momentum..."
Kotone tells me about the time she moved a small vase.
The vase didn't just move—it flew across the room, hit a wall, and
shattered.
「へえ…」
So, if she tries to move something small there could be dire
consequences.
Then what about large objects?
"If I try to move large objects with an insufficient amount of power,
then the remaining power required to make it move returns into my
head..."
That extra power gives Kotone an intense migraine.
　以前、超能力を使い慣れていなかった頃、彼女はそれをやってしまい、気を失って倒れてしまったんだそうだ。
The ambulance was called and it was a whole scene.
"That's crazy..."
"The doctor said I had a concussion, but it was strange that I
didn't have any external injuries..."
　よほど強く頭を打ったはずだと言う医者の言葉とうらはらに、琴音ちゃんにはタンコブひとつできていない。
As the doctor pondered over what could have happened, Kotone was
terrified of the sheer power that was reflected back into her.
I am just as terrified hearing about it.
It's completely possible for her to die from blunt-force trauma to
the head without even a single external injury...
"What happens when you break things then?"
I wonder if the size or toughness of items matters.
"...It's the same when I break things. The power gets reflected back
to me depending on the size or toughness of the item. But it's
different with glass."
"Glass is different?"
"As long as it's not too small then, well... I'm fine."
Kotone doesn't seem to understand the logic behind it either.
She isn't sure why, but glass absorbs all of the power.
"Hmm, I think I get the gist of it."
I attempt to summarize all of the facts.
She can hold the power back temporarily.
And there's no reflection back at her if she directs her powers at
glass...
These are the two important points.
...But what happens if she holds the power back?
"You can hold the power back temporarily, right?
Can you stop it altogether...?"
　ダメ元で聞いてみると、琴音ちゃんは首を横に振った。
"Out of the question. If I hold it back for too long, then the power
just grows stronger."
She says, looking down.
"I had a feeling you would say that... It's like a loaded spring."
「はい…」
Then the only solution is glass, but she can't go breaking glass
every time her powers crop up.
So I decide to offer up what I think is a good idea.
It is a grand plan that I came up with during class.
「オレ、超能力について調べてみたんだ──」
I tell Kotone all about what was written in the book.
「…<family>さんの言う、エネルギーが流れ込んでくる感覚はわたしも感じてます…」
Kotone must be referring to that Mind Energy.
"Really? Then I guess that book's pretty reliable."
"...Maybe."
"If that's the case, I've got a great idea."
"What does it involve?"
"Your powers get out of control when you have too much energy,
right? So why don't you try to use it bit by bit before it gets to
that stage?"
"You mean...of my own volition?"
"That way, you won't overflow with energy and your powers won't go
crazy."
"Yes...maybe..."
Kotone looks down.
"You don't like the idea?"
「いえ…」
"Then let's give it a shot."
"The concept of energy might apply to powers other than my own, and..."
「それに？」
"How could I possibly voluntarily use my powers...?"
"No, you didn't.
超能力だってうまく使えば便利なもんだって」
"I hate them. Just having them has made me an outcast..."
Kotone becomes even gloomier.
...Yeah, that's right.
She sees her supernatural abilities as a barrier between her and
others, nothing more.
"...Sorry."
"But it's your only choice right now if you want to find a better
way, don't you think?"
「…
Remember, I said I'd help you. You're not alone anymore."
"I gently put my hand on Kotone's shoulder.
She lifts her head to look up at me.
「な？」
「──はい…」
"Alright, then let's try practicing your powers sometime."
"...Sure. Thank you."
Kotone promises to make some time to try and practice using her
powers.
I also promise to help her with her practice. Then, we part ways.
I hope you find a way to control your powers, Kotone.
