（琴音　好感度イベント　
ＰＳ）
「<family>さん、こっちです…」
"Hrm?"
It is lunch time and Kotone directs me to go to the courtyard when
I go to her classroom to see her.
She says that she had gained control of her powers.
Kotone wants me to see her skills straight away, so I follow her.
"...I'll try using them here."
Kotone leads me to a bench.
　ベンチの上にスケッチブック──愛用のかな？
──を閉じたまま置いて、その上にピンポン玉を乗せる。
"What are you gonna do with that?"
"They will be part of my demonstration..."
Kotone closes her eyes.
Silence...
・
・
・
Something happens.
I have no idea.
It is a strange feeling, as if sound has disappeared from my
surroundings.
There is both a ringing and a serenity in my ears.
I hold my breath.
In the next moment, the ping-pong ball begins to slowly roll.
Then, it stops at the edge of the sketchbook.
"...That's it."
I realize upon Kotone signaling the end of her demonstration that
all that had just occurred is her doing.
"...Was that your powers just now?"
It was just a ping-pong ball rolling a little—not exactly a big
display.
「風か何かのせいだと思いますか？」
"I give a vague nod.
"I'll do it again..."
Kotone closes her eyes for the second time.
　例の耳鳴り──。
"Oh..."
I see it this time.
The ping-pong ball returns to the middle of the sketchbook and then
rolls around in a little circle.
A gust of wind wouldn't be able to make it move in such an
unnatural way.
The ball rolls around in circles and then eventually stops.
Kotone doesn't say a word, so I look over to her and notice that
she has turned bright red and is about to collapse.
"Kotone!"
I catch her just in time.
"...Sorry. I pushed myself a little too hard..."
Moving a light, round ball in a specific direction seems to be the
limit of Kotone's power that she has control over.
Making it then spin around in circles is far too advanced for her,
who is only just getting started.
She pushed herself beyond her limits to convince me and ended up
getting light-headed because of it.
It must be so hard for her to use her powers intentionally.
All she did was make something extremely light move, yet she broke
out into a sweat and all the blood rushed to her face.
It was to the point that she got light-headed and almost collapsed.
She pushed herself that hard to show me her progress?
"That was impressive. I saw exactly what you did. You made it move,
right?"
「はい…。
でも、そのせいで<family>さんに迷惑を…」
"What are you talking about? More importantly, you should probably
lie down on the bench."
Kotone pipes up, still leaning on me.
"It's okay. Let me stay like this for a bit..."
「そうか…」
Right after we finish our conversation...
"AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
「え？」
I turn in a panic to see where the scream is coming from.
"Hold it! What's this?! Why are you two hugging each other in broad
daylight?!"
"Sh-Shiho...?!
　こ、これはだな──」
「<nick>、あんたとうとう下級生にまで手を出したのね～っ！？」
"Hey, quit spreading vicious rumors about me!"
I use the remainder of my lunch break, which still has a while to
go, convincing Shiho that I was only holding onto Kotone because
she got light-headed.
Still, Kotone took a small step forward.
Kotone said herself that she'll practice to be able to wield her
powers more effectively. This is something to look forward to.
It is a satisfying lunch break all around for me.
