（琴音　好感度イベント　ＰＳ）
（２階、帰り道回数イベントキャンセル型）
"Heya, Kotone!"
「あっ、<family>さん…」
Kotone looks at me and bows.
「いっしょに帰ろうぜ」
「…はい」
"Wanna drop by somewhere on the way home today?"
I suggest after walking for a bit.
"Do you have a suggestion?"
"How about the shopping arcade?"
There's pretty much anything you could want there, and plenty of
places to hang out. It should be fun.
"But Kotone shakes her head.
"No?"
"I don't like crowds..."
Kotone says.
...Hmm, now what do I do?
Gotta think of somewhere quiet around here...
"Oh! What about the park? We could chill out there."
The only place I can think of is the local park.
"I think I could do that..."
Whew, good thing she agrees to that suggestion.
We head off to the park.
・
・
・
・
・
「──で、最後にその雅史ってヤツが叫んだんだよ。
『恐いよ、<name>～っ』って。
もう、そこにいた全員が大爆笑だ。
あれはオレも恥ずかしかった！」
"I continue to talk to Kotone, who remains silent, in the empty park.
I thought I was telling her a hilarious anecdote, but she doesn't
even crack a smile.
"Phew..."
I can't help but sigh.
"...Kotone? Do you find it boring being with me?"
I ask the unspeakable.
"What? Why do you think that?"
"I mean, you haven't laughed or smiled at all this whole time."
Then, she suddenly realizes.
"I'm so sorry...
せっかく<family>さんが楽しいお話をしてくださってるのに…」
"Nah, it's okay. It was a stupid inside-joke. I get it."
"No, that's not what I meant to imply..."
"Alright! How about I tell you a super-special story?!"
I clear my throat.
"Now listen closely. You'll totally bust your gut laughing."
I grin confidently.
「はい…」
I close my eyes and lower the tone of my voice.
It is a horror story.
I do my best to speak with a scary vibe...
"The Scary Series, Chapter One... Be Aware the Omen of Doom.
It's a story about a haunted town where evil thrived.
　午後９時を過ぎた頃…怪しげな男たちが、ある一軒の屋敷の周囲を取り囲んだ。
...But the gates outside the clinic were securely locked with a
note taped to them.
"...Notice. Be aware, we open from noon'"
...The men scream in their sickly voices.
BEAWAREDWEOBEN'RUMDNOON???!!!'(BE AWARE DWE OBEN 'RUM DNOON???!!!)
That night from the distance you could hear the sickly men with
their stuffy noses crying out:BE AWARE THE OMEN OF DOOM"
Bahaha! It is tough trying to suppress my laughter to the very end.
It is one of those old gags that'll probably come full circle and
be a hit again now.
　琴音ちゃんは爆笑の渦に──。
"Huh? You didn't get the joke?"
These bits are all about the silly puns.
If you don't get the pun, then it just ends up being a short tale
with no twist.
"No, I understand it... The clinic opens at noon, right?"
*whoosh*
I fall as the joke soars right over her head.
"Is that not it?"
"Um, it's kind of a play on words. The guys all have colds, and
their saying opens at noon sounds like people moaning 'omen of
doom' in the distance..."
Kotone finally realizes.
"Oh, really?"
She nods in awe.
"Uhh, could you either laugh or groan at my joke? I'm treading water
here."
"I'm sorry...
…次はないんですか？」
"Well, if you insist! There's plenty where that came from."
I close my eyes once again to focus on telling the story.
"A spring ghost story. The Scary Series, Chapter Two... Opus of
Dismay"
"Oh, I think I can guess this one. Someplace opens up this May,
right?"
"She is treating it like some kind of quiz and buzzes in before I
finish telling the story.
"Oh, sorry. Was I...supposed to laugh?"
　そこでも嘘でもいいから笑ってくれりゃいいのに、琴音ちゃんは申し訳なさそうに目を伏せてしまった。
Gah! Guess I'll have to switch gears!
"Ding, ding, ding! Correct!"
I yell out.
「よーし、まだまだいくぜ、ネタ当てクイズ第３問。
──って、なんじゃそのネーミングは！」
I'm full of energy and retorting at my own bad jokes.
At this point, the original goal of making Kotone laugh had started
to fade, and I find myself leaning more toward just trying to do
something about the awkward atmosphere.
"The Scary Series, Chapter Three... The Scourged Meteor!!"
I yell because I am already in too deep.
"There was once a German gourmand.
　男は目の前にある、血のしたたる肉にかぶりつき、そして、ひとこと。
──さあ、なんでしょう！？」
"...I don't know."
"Bzzt, bzzt! That's a shame! After the man ate the meat he said... 'That's good meat, ja?'
(The Scourged Meteor)."
"...Oh, I see."
"WHAT THE HEEEEEEECK?!"
What's with this vibe?!
But there is no turning back.
"Question four of the Puuuuntastic Quiz!"
「…はい」
「タイトルは『不○家のペ○ちゃん！』
　あるとき、ぺ○ちゃんがお風呂に入ってるとぉ～っ──」
"...Heh."
Ah!
She laughs.
I'm pretty sure I heard actual laughter burst from her lips.
Wait, now it's even clearer.
Kotone's laughing so hard her shoulders are shaking.
"Did you find the Puntastic Quiz funny?!"
「…はい、でも、それよりも、<family>さんが、なんだかおかしくて…」
"What? Me?
Hahaha!"
Well, I guess that's okay.
I get to see Kotone smile, so all's well that ends well.
The atmosphere between Kotone and me then mellows and conversation
flows.
As we chat about anything and everything, Kotone gradually starts
to smile more.
Under the warmth of the sun, I vow to do what I can to free her
from the supernatural abilities that have taken her beautiful smile
away from her.
