（琴音　好感度イベントＰＳ）
（５時間目の休み時間）
I head over to Kotone's classroom during break time.
I am curious about how her psychic training is going.
I approach someone who looks like they were in Class B.
"Could you call Himekawa over for me?"
They tell me that Kotone has gone to the infirmary.
She had apparently had an anemic episode and fainted.
I run right over to the infirmary.
It's not anemia.
She must have pushed herself too hard, just like the other day!
When I get to the infirmary, and I see that the nurse isn't around...
I check the beds and find Kotone lying down.
"Kotone?"
I gently say her name, and she opens her eyes.
「…あ、<family>さん…」
She sits up.
"I went to your classroom and someone told me that you fainted... I
just came by to check on you, so you don't have to get up."
"...Sorry for causing you trouble. I'm feeling a lot better now,
though."
I was a little relieved to see that she was doing better than I had
expected.
"You exerted yourself too hard, didn't you?"
"I thought that I wouldn't be able to stop the energy from
overflowing...unless I used more of my powers..."
Kotone sounds down.
If she wants to stop the energy from overflowing, she needs to use
energy more quickly than she absorbs it.
　野球のボ－ルを動かすくらいの力じゃ足りないと思って、琴音ちゃんはバレーボールを浮かそうとして倒れたんだそうだ。
"You were doing so well. There's no need to rush."
「…わたし、<family>さんに喜んでもらおうと思って…頑張ったんです…」
"Kotone..."
「…ダメですね、わたし。
…いつかきっと、この能力が押さえきれないほど大きくなって、<family>さんやみんなに取り返しのつかないことをしてしまうんです…」
Kotone laughs at how pitiful she is.
"That's not true. You just need to take small steps."
"Listen. I haven't given up. But if you give up now then nothing
will change, right?"
"Kotone nods slightly.
"It's too early to make assumptions. All I can do is offer you
support, but I don't want you to say such disheartening things."
"...I'm sorry.
<family>さんのおかげで始められたことなのに、ひとりで勝手にあきらめたりして…」
"All I did was give you a reason to start. It's not a big deal, and
I don't want that to weigh on your mind. But don't lose to your
negative thoughts."
I gave her an encouraging pat on the shoulder.
「…はい」
It feels pretty gloomy right now.
I am trying to encourage her, but it looks like I've made her feel
more depressed...
