（琴音　好感度イベントＰＳ）
　中庭に出たオレは、いくつかあるベンチをひとつずつ見て回る。
I find Kotone straight away.
　いつものようにベンチに腰かけて、何個かある野球のボールとにらめっこしている。
"Heya, Kotone!"
「あ、<family>さん…。
...Hello."
She stands up and bows.
"How's it going?"
"Um, sure.
いいと思いますよ」
She smiles.
「そーかそーか」
「前に<family>さんに見てもらったときから、ふたつも増えたんです」
Kotone is always overjoyed to tell me about her training progress
whenever I come to watch.
And I've been enjoying seeing her like that lately too.
"That's some impressive progress!"
Kotone can make three balls float in the air.
Adding two to that brings the total to five.
「はいっ。
あんなに嫌いだった能力だったのに、今では上手くなるとすごく嬉しいんです。
早く、その…<family>さんに見てもらいたいな…って思うんです」
"Heh! Okay, nice! I'll come watch whenever you want!"
「ありがとうございます」
Kotone smiles and nods.
"Okay, show me what you've got."
"Yes, thank you!"
・
・
・
Kotone freely moves the five balls right before my eyes.
　ピンポン玉を転がすだけだった頃から比べれば、とんでもない進歩だ。
I can't be happier for her.
"Okay, let's call it a day."
"What? Why?"
Kotone looks puzzled.
"You're tired. I can tell."
"What?"
Kotone looks down.
I was right.
"You always push yourself to the limits of your powers whenever
you're with me. I don't want you to collapse here and hurt yourself."
I completely understand the desire to try harder in front of others.
But overexertion is a big no-no in my book.
"...Sorry. I always end up pushing myself too hard..."
Kotone looks down in embarrassment having realized what I was
alluding to.
"It's okay. Let's use the rest of our time today to talk."
"...Um, sure."
"I am the one who suggested that we talk, but I miss my opportunity
to start a conversation.
I gotta do something about this awkward silence...
It is at that moment that two birds fly down to sit on a branch of
the huge tree in front of us.
They resemble sparrows, but are black and a little bigger...
"Those are called 'Grey Starlings.'"
Kotone says as I stare at them in deep thought.
"Huh. You sure know a lot about animals."
"Yes. I often read illustrated reference books when I'm alone..."
"Really? Why are you so passionate about learning?"
"Why...? I don't really know myself..."
"Seriously?"
"But if I had to pinpoint an exact reason, then..."
"Then? Don't leave me hanging now."
「えっと…あれは、わたしが小学校二、三年のころ──」
　わたしがパパとママといっしょに旅行へいったときのことです。
We stayed in an inn in a quiet port town.
We were looking for a fun activity, so my parents took me to an
aquarium on the large island on the other side of the bay.
I was so happy that I left my parents behind and explored the
aquarium on my own.
Eventually, I visited all of the exhibits and left the aquarium.
Outside, there was a large pool.
The skies were cloudy and the wind was strong. Nobody was around
because it was somewhat cold outside.
I wanted to look inside the pool, but the barrier around it was a
little too high for me to see.
I really wanted to see inside, so I tried jumping up and all kinds
of other ways to get a better look.
But not only could I not see, but a sudden gust of wind blew my hat
away.
It was a hat that matched my favorite dress.
My hat flew right over the barrier.
And fell into the pool.
I really love that hat, so I got sad and started to cry.
My parents eventually arrived to pick me up and hug me, but I just
kept crying.
But that's when my hat popped up from behind the wall. We were all
surprised to see it.
A dolphin had picked up my hat for me.
A dolphin had reached out above the wall with my hat in its mouth.
My dad told me to thank the dolphin and carried me over to it.
It was really big, but I wasn't scared of it.
Because the dolphin looked at me with such gentle eyes.
I thanked the dolphin and then took my hat from it.
The strangest thing was that my hat wasn't wet at all.
I wore my hat and reached out straight away to pet the dolphin.
My dad and I thanked the dolphin again. I think it understood what
we said because it returned to the pool afterwards.
I couldn't stop staring deep into the water where the dolphin
disappeared to.
That was my first time meeting a dolphin.
"Wow... Dolphins sure are smart, huh."
「わたし、そのとき思ったんです。
イルカと話したんだって。
動物も友だちなんだって…」
"I see. So that's where your love for animals began..."
"I think so."
"And maybe you're who you are today thanks to that dolphin..."
「…あの、<family>さんと出会えたのも、イルカのおかげにしていいですか？」
"Why not?"
「はいっ」
We continue to have fun talking about all things animal-related.
Kotone is a fountain of knowledge and tells me about so many things
far more fascinating than Shiho could ever offer.
