пјҲпј¶пјігӮӨгғҷгғігғҲгҖҖзҗҙйҹіпј¶пјіи‘өпјү
пјҲйҒёжҠһиӮўгҖҖи‘өгҒ®йҡЈпјү
I'll sit next to Aoi.
I sit myself down next to Aoi.
"Hey, Aoi."
"Oh, hello!"
She responds with a beaming smile.
After Aoi finishes greeting me...
"And hey, Kotone."
I greet Kotone, who is sitting across from me.
She flinches and cautiously looks in my direction.
And then, she realizes it is me.
"Hello."
She gives me a little nod.
"Do you two know each other?"
гҖҢгҒҲпјҹгҖҚ
гҖҢгҒҲпјҹгҖҚ
They look at each other.
Judging by their reactions, they are complete strangers.
"Well, since we're all here, I'll introduce you two. This is Kotone
Himekawa, a freshman from Class B."
I started by introducing Kotone to Aoi.
"Pleased to meet you."
Aoi smiles, but Kotone looks down, not knowing what to do.
"And this is Aoi Matsubara, a freshman from Class C."
гҖҢвҖҰгҒ“гӮ“гҒ«гҒЎгҒҜгҖҚ
Kotone looks up and gives a quiet greeting.
They were both freshmen, but I feel like they are from two
different planets.
One of them has short hair and the other long. Also, one of them is
more physically active while the other is more artistic.
An energetic girl sitting opposite a quiet young lady.
I rack my brains for a conversation starter and take notice of
their lunches.
Aoi has the same as me, an "A Lunch" meal.
Kotone has a bowl of udon.
"Oh, I see you've got the same lunch as me, Aoi."
гҖҢгҒҜгҒ„гҖҚ
"Great minds think alike, am I right?"
The A Lunch meal was a pork katsu meal with rice and sides.
A cafeteria option that really can't miss.
"Ooh, so you pour pork katsu sauce on yours, huh?"
"Hm? Isn't that the normal way to eat it?"
"Yeah, that's the normal way. Either that or Worcestershire sauce."
гҖҢгҒҲгҒҲгҖҚ
"But it gets boring eating cafeteria food every day, so the pros out
there seek out newer flavor combinations."
"Huh?"
"Ketchup, soy sauce, mayonnaise. The more refined ones go for a
sprinkle of salt or chili. Some people even pour salad dressing
over it."
"How fascinating."
"I feel like they're taking it a bit too far with the salad dressing
and stuff, though."
"But you eat it with pork katsu sauce too."
"I used to be a soy-sauce guy."
"So why the change today?"
"I guess I've come full circle."
I mutter as I gaze off into the distance.
гҖҢгҒҜгҒӮвҖҰгҖҚ
"I mean, that's the orthodox choice, right? There's gotta be a
reason why it's orthodox."
"Pork katsu sauce is the orthodox choice?"
"People will eventually return to pork katsu sauce. Pork katsu sauce
is orthodox. The ox of the orthod! Yeah!"
I gave a thumbs up, and Aoi responded with a conflicted smile.
I continue to move my mouth more than my chopsticks, blabbing away.
I barely make a dent in my lunch.
After a while...
"Please excuse me..."
Kotone slowly stands up from her seat.
Looking over, I notice that she has finished her bowl of udon.
Which isn't surprising because it is just a bowl.
"Oh, crap. I gotta shovel this all down."
I frantically pick up my chopsticks.
"Sorry, I'll see you later..."
Kotone picks up her tray and leaves.
"Kotone..."
"Himekawa must have felt awkward sitting with me."
"What? I don't think that's the case."
I quickly reject the notion.
"It's not like that. She didn't talk because she's just a quiet
person."
"Really?"
"Yeah."
I don't offer any further explanations.
Maybe I should've been more considerate towards her.
I should've brought her into the conversation a little better.
