（レミィ　春休みイベントＰＳ）
（４月４日）
I wake up early, so I decide to hang around the station.
It's almost lunchtime.
Maybe I'll treat myself and have lunch out today.
I'll pick a place before they start getting busy.
...Okay, where should I eat?
YacDonald's is more snack-y than it is lunch-y.
First and foremost—where would I go to splash out?
Nowhere else really springs out to me...
Maybe I'll just play it safe and go to the pork katsu rice bowl
place from the other day.
...Yeah, I think that's what I'll do.
I head off to the katsu rice bowl place.
　──と、そこで急ブレーキ。
Come to think of it, there's a family diner around here.
Eating out at a pricey family diner would be really splashing out,
no?
それを単に無駄使いと呼ぶ場合もあります。
　ファミリーレストラン『ブルースカイ』にやってきた。
Inside I go, through one door, and then a second.
"Hello!"
The waitress shows me to my seat.
Now I just gotta wait for my menu.
"Sorry to keep you waiting. Here's the menu."
「──え？」
I know that voice.
"Hey! What can I get for you?"
"Lemmy?!"
「こんなところで<kata>に会えるなんて、アタシ、感激っ」
Lemmy is positively ecstatic.
"Yeah, likewise."
Seeing her so happy makes me happy too.
"Do you work here?"
"Yes!"
"I thought your family was really well off... Is that not the case?"
I think I remember hearing that her father's the CEO of some
company.
"I don't know if we're well off, but we're not poor."
"So don't you get plenty of pocket money? What are you working for?
To buy something?"
"I'm not really looking to buy anything."
"Then why?"
"My dad said that I need to learn how to be a 'responsible adult'."
Learning the basics of how to fend for yourself, huh.
Working a part-time job is a pretty good way to do that.
"Good for you, Lemmy."
"Ehehe."
I have another look at Lemmy's uniform.
The uniform is so distinctive that it has its own cult following.
　たしか、胸元がセク──。
　──おうっ、強烈にセクシーだ。
They're practically bursting out.
The uniform was definitely made for the average Japanese girl,
rather than someone more busty.
「<kata>、ご注文は？」
"Huh? What am I having?"
"Yup.
…ｍｅｎｕ見て」
"Oh yeah, right...the menu."
I'm so captivated by Lemmy that I totally forgot why I was there.
I take a quick look through the menu.
"...What's the signature dish here?"
Looking at the usual menu items like hamburg steak and regular
steak seems pretty boring and not super appetizing.
"I've been enjoying the pasta lately."
"I wasn't asking about my waitress' favorite dish."
"We're currently holding a Spring Pasta Festival at our fine diner."
"Seriously? Does this diner make their staff tell customers what
they like as a sales tactic?"
"Aaaaabsolutely not."
「………」
「<kata>…お客サマは、パスタ好き？」
"Me? I'll eat anything if it tastes good."
"Everything on the menu is delicious."
"Let me see..."
I flip the menu to the pasta page.
Hmm, Seafood and Broccoli Rabe Pasta.
It's full of shrimp, clams, and other types of seafood.
With some broccoli rabe on top...
Then there's a Broccoli and Bacon Pasta.
It looks exactly as its name suggests.
That might be a safe option since I have an idea of what it'll
taste like.
Next is the Squid-ink Pasta.
A whole plate of squid ink.
The pitch-black sheen on it makes it look really appetizing.
...I'm never going to pick anything if I keep reading this menu.
I mean, the photos of the dishes all look amazing.
"I can't decide. They all look so tasty."
"They ARE all tasty."
"Can you pick something for me?"
"Very well. I like the Creamy Sea Urchin Pasta."
"Hey...
…いいや、それうまそうだから持ってきてくれ」
I can't say no to sea urchin.
"As you wish! What would you like for your drink?"
Lemmy is speaking to me in a strangely polite way.
Can't go underestimating the influence of this diner's customer
service training manual.
"Alright, bring me a beer!"
「かしこまりましたァ！」
「お酒は２０歳になってから！」
"As you wish! What would you like for your drink?"
「…あれ？」
I'm pretty sure I ordered something just now...
"We have cola, oolong tea, and orange juice."
Lemmy asks me what I would like as if nothing ever happened.
"I'll have a beer!"
「だから、お酒は２０歳になってから！」
"As you wish! What would you like for your drink?"
"We have cola, oolong tea, and orange juice."
Hmmm...
It didn't sit well with me, but I have to pick something else or
we'll be going around in circles.
"...Then I'll get an oolong tea."
"Very well! When would you like me to bring out your drink?"
"Before my food."
「かしこまりましたァ」
"Oh, Lemmy?"
"Yes?"
「あと、ビールを──」
「はいお約束」
"As you wish! What would you like for your drink?"
"Oolong tea. I'd like it before my food, please."
「かしこまりましたァ」
"Oh, Lemmy?"
"What's up?"
「同じギャグは三度まで！」
"...Never mind."
I got to see a new side of Lemmy.
She's apparently working there throughout spring break, so I might
drop by to see her whenever I can.
