（レミィ　日付イベント１　ゲーセン解説あり）
Lemmy ushers me into the arcade.
It is the largest one in the area. The single-level arcade is
filled with a ton of games.
Near the entrance are the prize and nekopuri machines.
And the nekopuri machines are all taken up by a bunch of high
school girls.
　…空いてきたら、レミィといっしょに撮ってみよう。
At the back wall of the arcade are cabinets for the big prizes
while the rest of the floor is filled with multiplayer and quiz
games.
Lemmy looks around the arcade with sparkling eyes.
「<kata>、ナニかやってやって！」
She pesters me like a child.
「オレがひとりで遊んでどーすんだよ。
お前がやるの」
"Yeah, you're right. Where should we start?"
"Let me think..."
Games have been getting more and more complex.
And you have to know how to pull off moves in fighting games to
even get anywhere.
I guess there's one type of game we can play without thinking too
much...
"Why don't we play a shooting game?"
All we have to do is shoot and kill the enemies.
Nothing simpler than that.
"A shooting game? How do we play?"
I look around for a shooting game.
I think there's one called "The Princess is a Witch."
　オレも結構遊んでるゲームなので、なにかとアドバイスはできるはずだ。
"...Found it."
I take Lemmy to the machine and sit her in front of it.
"This button is to shoot. The one next to it is to drop a bomb.
Bombs are one-shot kills, but you've only got a limited number of
them, so use them when you're in trouble."
"What? I don't understand."
"What don't you understand?"
"How do I win?"
"W-Win? Wait, have you never been to an arcade before?"
She shakes her vigorously.
"Nope."
"So you're a newbie gamer?"
Honestly, finding someone who doesn't know how to play a video game
in this day and age is like finding a natural treasure.
"Man, I guess I'll teach you the basics then."
"Please do!"
「よし、じゃあ、まずはレバーから──」
I explain how to use the joystick, buttons, and even how to put the
coin in to start the game.
But I'm not really sure just how much of my explanation Lemmy
actually understood, what with her having zero experience and all.
Okay, all that's left is for her to play the game.
"Now let's have you play exactly how I explained it to you."
"Yes, sir!"
The silly goofball suddenly salutes me.
I catch myself looking around.
Wh-What a ticking time bomb of embarrassment...
What am I? Her drill sergeant?
Lemmy sits in the player-one seat, grabs the joystick, and places
her hand on the buttons.
I sit in the player-two seat and distance myself a little from her
so that I won't get in her way.
"She stares at the demo screen in silence.
"Hey Lemmy! Insert. Coin. And. Push. Start!"
"...I can't let go."
I feel like a dog running too fast and getting choked back by my
leash.
"Look, you can assume the gaming position once the game has started."
「そうなの？」
"Of course! Who gets ready to play when they haven't even put any
money in?!"
"Yes, sir!"
　レミィは少し緊張した面持ちで百円玉を取り出すと、投入口へ放り込んだ。
And then she quickly assumes her "gaming" position.
She doesn't move a muscle.
"Lemmy. Push. The. Start. Button."
I snicker as I reach over from the side to push the button for her.
A witch, the game's protagonist, flies out on a broomstick.
"The game has started, but Lemmy isn't moving.
"...Attack, Lemmy."
"How?"
"With the buttons under your right hand."
I point to the buttons and Lemmy slaps one.
*BLAM*
With a giant old guy's bellow, all the enemies are wiped out.
"That's the bomber button!"
"What, huh?!"
Lemmy panics, confused about what is happening.
"This is the regular attack button."
「あ、そっか」
Lemmy nods.
It is strange that even throughout this back-and-forth, the player
character still remains unscathed.
Lemmy pays no mind to this and continues to smash the buttons.
"Hey, you haven't moved since the game started. You're neglecting
the joystick."
"I totally forgot!"
After I point that out, Lemmy begins to move her witch left and
right in a clunky manner.
It looks like a drunk stumbling around.
But now that she has finally started moving her character around,
her right hand stops moving.
"Lemmy, the buttons."
"I totally forgot!"
　ようやく、でたらめに動きながら、でたらめに魔法を撃てるようになってきた。
*smack, smack, smack*
Her random magic attacks hit one of the fodder enemies.
It blows up on the spot.
"I killed it!"
Lemmy says happily to me.
"I'm so proud of you..."
*smack, smack, smack*
More bad guys appear on the screen.
Two or three of them get caught in the explosion.
"I killed them!"
"Okay, I get it. You don't have to tell me every single time."
*smack, smack, smack*
She finally gets used to using the joystick and buttons at the same
time by midway through the first level.
...A power-up item appears.
It floats diagonally across the screen.
Lemmy skillfully dodges it.
"You're supposed to get that item, not dodge it."
"What is it?"
「その、『Ｐ』ってやつをだよ」
"I can get it?"
She asks in all seriousness.
"Right...
そいつを取れば、パワーアップするんだよ」
Lemmy looks back and forth between her hands and the screen.
"What's wrong? Get the power-up."
"...I can't."
「なんで？」
"What button do I press to get it?"
"Come on now... Look, you do this."
I grab Lemmy's hand and move the joystick.
The witch moves over to collect the item.
「Ｉ　ｓｅｅ。
そうなのネ」
"That's what it means to 'get' an item."
Having collected the item, the witch says, "Power up!" and her
attack changes.
"Power up!"
Lemmy repeats.
「<kata>、変わった、変わったヨ！」
"Yes, yes, I know. I'm happy for you."
Lemmy continues to report every little happening to me until she
finishes playing.
　ゲーセンを出る頃には、オレはへとへとで『もうレミィの報告はうんざり』状態だった。
「楽しかったネ、<kata>」
「まあまあ、かな」
It must be nice to be Lemmy.
She gets to have so much fun playing a shooting game like that.
I almost envy her.
As I think to myself...
「ありがと、<kata>＠」
　レミィはいつもの太陽のような笑みといっしょに、ほっぺにチューしてくれた。
"Oh, uh, sure."
I guess it isn't so bad since Lemmy enjoyed herself.
