（レミィと志保と勉強　３／１６）
（居間　夜）
It is already nighttime.
We end up having a study session after dinner—at Shiho's request.
I don't know why, but she loves the nighttime.
The school at night, the park at night... She particularly likes
any place 'at night.'
I try not to think too hard about why, though.
There is no real logic to her behavior, so asking her would be
pointless.
Either way, we both have to get intensive lessons from Lemmy to
lift our test scores.
She probably knows more than our English teacher.
We have to take full advantage of this opportunity.
*ding-dong*
Ooh, they're here.
"Go on Lemmy, hurry up and head in."
I stand up to greet them at the door, but Shiho has already made
her way to the entrance of the living room.
"Yeah, feel free to just waltz right in..."
「勝手知ったる<nick>の家～って、ふ～ん、あんたの家ってこうなんだぁ」
"It's your first time in here—how do you even know your way around?"
I ignore Shiho and go to the front door.
「Ｇｏｏｄ　ｅｖｅｎｉｎｇ、<kata>」
"Sure.
とっとと上がってくれ」
Unlike Shiho, Lemmy is waiting patiently at the door.
At least she was raised with proper manners...
「おじゃましマ～ス」
Lemmy looks around wide-eyed with curiosity.
She also seems delighted.
"See something interesting, Lemmy?"
"I'm in awe..."
"Hahaha, that's a bit dramatic."
I feel kind of embarrassed at someone being in awe over looking
around my own home.
「おじゃましてま～す」
I return to the living room with Lemmy and see that Shiho has taken
the snacks and drinks they bought and laid them out on the table.
"Are you here to hang out or study? Geez."
"Anything good on TV?"
Shiho skips through all the pleasantries and makes herself right at
home as she reaches for the TV remote.
"Hey! This area is off limits! Go sit at the kitchen table."
・
・
・
Answer the questions by filling in the blanks with the correct
words.
　Ｗｉｌｌ　Ｍａｒｙ　ａｎｄ　Ｂｉｌｌ　ｃｏｍｅ　ｈｅｒｅ？
　Ｎｏ、（　　）（　　）
"So Mary and Bill, two people... 'They' and, you asked 'will' they
come, so 'will not,' right?"
"But that won't fit in the two blank spaces. Should we just shove
them in anyway?"
"You dumbass. That means we'll have trouble answering in the actual
test if it comes up... Ms. Lemmy?"
"Yes!"
"What's the contracted form of 'will not'?"
「…Ｉ　ｄｏｎ’ｔ　ｋｎｏｗ。
知りマセン」
"Whaaa?! Lemmy, that's the point of this question! Wait, am I
thinking about it the wrong way?"
I hand the worksheet to Lemmy.
「Ｗｉｌｌ　Ｍａｒｙ　ａｎｄ　Ｂｉｌｌ　ｃｏｍｅ　ｈｅｒｅ？
　Ｎｏ、ｔｈｅｙ　ｗｏｎ’ｔ」
Lemmy answers without a problem.
"'Won't'? That's the contraction, isn't it?"
「そーなの？」
We go back and forth in a confused mess.
"'Won't' is the contracted form of 'will not.'"
Shiho explains after flipping through her dictionary.
「せんせ～～～っ；」
「Ｗｈａｔ？
　なにかおかしいの？」
「だってな、疑問文の答え方は主語と動詞の否定形でだろ？
　動詞がｗｉｌｌだから、否定形がｗｉｌｌ　ｎｏｔで──」
「<kata>、難しく考えすぎダヨ。
『Ｗｉｌｌ　Ｍａｒｙ　ａｎｄ　Ｂｉｌｌ　ｃｏｍｅ　ｈｅｒｅ？　って聞かれたら、
　Ｎｏ、ｔｈｅｙ　ｗｏｎ’ｔ』って答えるのが普通ダヨ？」
Lemmy says, speaking seriously.
"...Lemmy, you're just having a conversation."
「うん」
「しまった～っ；」
Lemmy's an American, so she doesn't have to get into the
particulars of grammar.
If I am asked the same question in Japanese, I won't have to think
about subjects or verbs either. It'd be so simple.
Does me being fluent in Japanese make me qualified to be a Japanese
teacher? Of course not. So I shouldn't expect that of Lemmy.
"Why did you yell like that?"
"Shiho... I think we're doomed for our grammar and general English
tests..."
"Wh-Whaaat?!"
「Ｄｏｎ’ｔ　ｍｉｎｄ。
気にしないで行きまショウ」
"...Will we make it if we go for it?"
Shiho and I begin to lose hope after that and resign ourselves to
failure.
Yet we still asked Lemmy for the answers so that we can commit them
to memory, rather than actually understanding the English itself.
Lemmy's carefree attitude towards tests is the only thing that
helps me to remain positive.
