（レミィ　好感度型回数イベントＰＳ）
（場所不定）
Hey, that's Lemmy walking ahead of me.
「おーい、レミ──」
「お～い、<nick>」
Someone suddenly calls to me from behind just as I am about to get
Lemmy's attention.
I turn around.
"Hey."
It is Shiho.
「なんでお前が出てくんだよ」
"What do you mean 'where'? I go to this school too, so I'm SUPPOSED
to be here."
「出るのは勝手だがな、オレはレミィに用があって──」
"Lemmy? Where? Where is she?"
Shiho looks all around in an exaggerated manner.
"She disappeared while you were holding me up!"
"Like I can do anything about that. Look, she's not here. It was
probably a mirage. Let's leave it at that."
"Do we go to school in a desert now? What's Lemmy? An oasis? Pssh."
"Uh-huh! And you're one of the fools who leap into the mirage
desperate for water."
Shiho holds her stomach and laughs uncontrollably.
"Quit rambling on about nothing and leave already. I'm going home
too."
I ditch Shiho and start walking.
"Oh, hey! Wait up! There's still something I need to tell you."
"What now?"
「実はさぁ、ちょ～っとあんたにつきあってほしいんだけど」
"What a pain in the butt."
"C'mon, don't be like that!"
"What do you want me to tag along with you for?"
"Well... I've been asked to help the school's Newspaper Club."
「今までお前が加わってなかったのが不思議なくらいだよな。
…まさか、新聞記者でか？」
"Something like that."
"Your intel's gonna be printed now...?!"
"Would it kill you to act a bit more enthusiastic?"
「お前…、学校新聞っていったら、けっこうみんなマジでやってんだぜ？」
"I'm serious about it too."
"Seriously messing around, right?"
「うっさいわね～。
だったらふざけた記事がひとつくらいあってもいいじゃないのよ」
"You're shameless..."
"I've been put in charge of a column."
"A column? Not the gossip section?"
"And there's a name for the column."
"Voices from Above—The People's Voice'?"
「違うわよ。
It's my column, so it's called 'Nagaoka's Manor.'"
「…お前、ネーミングセンスねーな」
Where'd the 'manor' bit come from?
"Shut up! It's simple and easy to remember."
"It's terrible."
"I've already decided on it. Anyway, I need a photo of a real manor
for the banner."
"Like I care."
"Look, bozo—I want you to take the perfect photo of me standing in
front of a manor."
「ほお。
その『あんた』って誰だ？」
「あんた」
She points her finger right in my face.
"Watch where you're pointing that thing."
"I don't have to watch anything. So you'll do it, right?"
"Hmph, I guess. But I won't do it for nothing."
"You're so conniving. Okay, bozo. I won't ask you to do it for free.
How's about I treat you to some YacDonald's?"
"...Okay, fine. Take me to this so-called manor."
"Nice! Right this way!"
・
・
・
・
・
The manor is west of the station on the outskirts of town.
"Look! Here we are!"
"Here? This is..."
Shiho takes me to a place that is very familiar to me.
We go down a road that feels vaguely familiar, but no matter how
hard I try, I can't remember where I've seen it before.
However, the haze covering my memories starts to lift the instant I
see the building.
　そうーだよ、この場所は確か──。
"It's a piece of cake to find the perfect location to suit a variety
of situations when you go through the Shiho Network. And of course,
I want to mark this occasion with a photoshoot at this manor...
もちろん、館で記念撮影したい──」
　志保のヤツが何かを言っているが、そんな場合じゃない。
I am so close to grasping my memories.
I've been here before.
「ちょっと<nick>！
　
なに固まってんのよ！？」
"Just gimme a sec... I've been here before."
「なにそれ？
　
<family>の館でも書いてたの？」
「アホ、おめーといっしょにすんな。
この家の子とオレは友だちだったんだよ」
「へえ…、誰？
　
ウチの学校の生徒？」
"No idea. They moved away... Yeah, I remember now."
"What's with the fairytale princess act? How long ago was it?"
"It was...before I started grade school. I must've been about five?"
"Hmm... Sixteen minus five, so 11 years ago?"
「懐かしいよなぁ。
あいつ、今頃なにやってるか
な…」
"It wasn't a girl, was it?"
"Great job, Sherlock."
"Seriously? I was just taking a stab in the dark as a joke."
Shiho seems unimpressed.
「…なんだよその、冷たい目は。
ガキの頃の話だって言ってるだろ」
「あんたのことだから、子供の頃だって油断ならないわ」
"What do you mean by that?"
"If you want to prove your innocence then tell me the truth."
Shiho's ridiculous logic pushes her to try to squeeze more
information out of me about my childhood.
...Why does she want to know so badly?
"You're such a nosy pain in the butt. We didn't get up to anything
shady."
"Then tell me."
"Heh, so you're curious about me, eh? So much for your tough act."
I decide to change my tactics.
"Excuse me?! L-Like I care about you!"
Looks like I am right on the money.
"Then quit digging."
"...Fine."
She gives up without a fight.
I win.
"Go on and pose already so I can take your photo."
"Shiho stands beside the gatepost with a look of disinterest on her
face.
"Okay, I guess you don't mind me snapping a shot with that dull face
you're pulling."
"...Sorry, I actually am curious. Tell me."
"Geez, you never admit your feelings. You should've just said so
from the start."
"Yeah, yeah, okay. I admit it now, so spill."
"Alright, fine."
I begrudgingly begin to tell her my story.
"...Back when I was a kid, I went out into town to explore.
What do you expect of a five-year-old getting all worked up and
going off on a big adventure? They forget how to get home.
And so, I got lost.
I didn't know what to do, but then a kind man approached me in
front of this house.
He said he would look up my address using my parent's name.
It would take him a while to look up the address, so he led me into
his yard to play. That little girl I was talking about before was
there.
"'Hi.'"
"'...Hi.'"
The girl was really bubbly and easy to get along with.
"'I'm a Space Cop!'"
「ずるいよ～っ；」
We were both nervous at first, but we became the best of friends in
no time.
The man called my mom and I got home safely, but I memorized the
way to the girl's house so I could keep visiting her.
I invited Akari and Masashi. They never came because they weren't
allowed to stray too far from home.
So I always went over to play on my own.
I went every day, except when it rained.
There was a huge tree, and we always raced to see who could climb
to the top first.
We never made it all the way, though.
I remember us getting scolded by her mom during one of our attempts
to reach the top.
Looking back, we were so intent on doing something so trivial.
Then, one day, the girl wasn't her usual bubbly self.
I asked her why but she wouldn't say.
And then my mom told me that I wasn't allowed to go over to that
girl's house to play anymore.
Two days after that, I disobeyed my mom and snuck over to her house.
But the gates to the house were shut.
Nobody was home.
The house was silent the next day too.
Same for the day after that and the one after that...
I only found out a while after that the girl and her family had
moved away.
That didn't stop me from visiting her place every now and then.
Every time I saw her empty home, I would wonder what she was doing...
「──って話だ」
「仲良くなった友だちが、別れも言わず引っ越したって話でしょ？
　
ふ、普通じゃないの」
"Well, yeah, it wasn't something scandalous like you were probably
imagining."
"What a waste. I got all vulnerable because I was expecting some
juicy gossip."
"Yeah, I bet that was hard for you."
"What a let down..."
"Hahaha! And now that you're all disappointed, let's take your photo."
"Hold up."
「なんだよ」
"Can I use that story you just told me?"
"Use it? You're not gonna turn it into an article, are you?"
"I won't use your real name. I promise."
"Still, it would be sorta embarrassing."
"Relax! It'll be fine! No one will know it's about you."
"Why do you have to use my fond memories for an article?"
「ああ、それ？
　
実はねえ、枠をもらったのはいいけど、ネタがなかったのよ～」
"What the heck?! What kind of reporter is lacking in material?!"
"Yeah, I know... That's why I want to use your story, just this one
time. Please?"
I think about it for a moment.
"...Okay, fine."
I nod.
"Really?!"
「いいか？
　調子に乗んなよ？
　オレ的にはＮｏなんだからな。
それでも許すのはお前に貸しを作るためだ」
"Awww, what?! That's not fair!"
"It's totally fair. Accept the condition or no dice."
"Your logic is messed up..."
"Say what you want. If you don't agree then that's your problem."
"Gah! Okay, okay! I get one IOU from you!"
"You mean I get an IOU from YOU."
"Yeah, that. Deal?"
「勝手にしろ」
I end up taking a quick photo of her there, and then we call it a
day.
　それにしても今頃なにやってるだろうな、彼女は。
Her family must have been well off to live in a big house like that...
