（Ａ　声をかける。）
"Hey, I see you're at it again today."
「あっ、<family>くん！」
She smiles at me.
"Thanks for helping me yesterday!"
"Yesterday?"
"Your advice worked really well!"
"What advice?"
"To calmly and slowly try to understand things one bit at a time. I
tried it out and things went way better than before!"
"Sure, but maybe think of thanking me only after you see how you do
on the exam, how about that?"
"Hahaha, that's true!"
Because what if you scored lower than usual instead?
"Can I ask for your help today too?"
"If it's something I understand well enough to explain."
"Thank you! You're a lifesaver!"
"I really doubt I'll be very helpful at all..."
"You will! I'm sure of it!"
"She denies it without a second thought.
She's so sure I can help her.
What did I ever do to earn her complete trust?
After all, I know better than anyone how useless I am.
What a mystery.
"The Japanese exam is tomorrow."
"Just focus on the classics and kanji characters."
"What about modern language?"
"It depends on your flair for it. What's there to study about
something you use every day?"
"That's not how I see it. I study equally hard for all subjects. I
always do!"
That sounds inefficient.
"Then are your modern Japanese studies going well?"
"Hehehe."
"That doesn't sound like an all-is-well kind of laugh."
"I told you I'm not clever."
「向き不向きだって。
オレなんかよく先生に言われるぜ？
　お前は現国だけは点がいいなって」
"Wow, that's amazing!"
"On the other hand, he could just be telling me passive-aggressively
to take the classics and kanji more seriously."
"On the other-other hand, maybe he's telling you that you've got a
flair for it!"
"Yeah, maybe."
How many other hands are there?
Doesn't the other-other hand mean the original hand?
「やっぱりすごいんだ～、<family>くんって。
そっか、センスかぁ。
いいなあ」
"A flair's not a thing you can touch. Also, it's not good to be
envious about something another person has."
"Better to just take life on with what you do have."
"Oh! Mom said that too. The grass is always greener on the other
side, right?"
"Yup. You have your own strengths, right? So use them to blaze your
own trail."
"Yeah! It's not right for me to pine over something someone else has
just because I'm poor."
"Poor?"
"Oh, I mean... Err... Just because someone has a poor flair for
studying doesn't mean they can't end up doing great things, right?"
"Nicely said."
"Maybe there's even someone out there with terrible grades who still
made CEO or became an academic!"
"CEO maybe, but I don't think you can have bad grades and be an
academic..."
"You can't? I'm sure we can find at least one person like that in
this whole wide world..."
"What even is the point of finding someone like that? How's that
gonna help you on your exam?"
"Good point... but what if it's a job that's not related to academic
ability?"
"An academic who doesn't work in academics? What're you on?"
"Oh, I know! What about an academic in a research lab not related to
academics at all!"
"No such thing."
"If we just look around the world..."
"Don't try."
We banter for a while and time flies by without us being able to
get much studying done.
