（理緒　好感度／日付イベント　ＶＳあかり）
（月曜日が望ましい）
（部屋）
Morning comes.
I'm sleepy.
It feels like Earth has been rotating faster than usual lately.
Just a feeling.
「朝ご飯は？」
"Already eaten."
"What did you have?"
"Toast and coffee."
I yawn.
"That's good."
"Yeesh, she asks me about breakfast every single day.
「あっ、<family>くんっ」
Just then, a cheerful voice calls out to me from behind.
Akari and I turn around.
"Hey, Rio. Not even mornings can lower your energy, huh?"
「<family>くんは眠そうだね」
「まーな」
"Were you burning the midnight oil?"
"No, but morning's been getting tougher for me lately. My body just
doesn't want to get up. Not that you'd ever understand that."
"I get up whether I like it or not since I have to deliver
newspapers every morning."
"Yikes, you're doing stuff like that too? I tip my hat in utter
respect."
"I-It's not that impressive. Anyone could do it."
"Nah, not me. Not unless people are okay with getting their papers
in the afternoon."
"Hahaha, that would make things much easier!"
Rio then turns to look at Akari.
"Good morning, Kamigishi!"
「うん、おはよう。
──えっと…」
Akari tilts her head to the side, trying to remember Rio's name.
This is actually the first time they are meeting, isn't it?
"Akari, this is Rio Hinayama from class D. She's a tough cookie who
does odd jobs from morning till night."
"Morning till night?"
"She's amazing! You just heard her talk about her newspaper delivery
job. She also does flyer distribution, works as a game arcade clerk,
and other stuff—virtually every day too."
「へえ、すごいなあ」
"Told you."
"I-I'm not that amazing. I don't have any special qualifications or
anything."
「あかり、お前も少しは見習ってバイトとかしたらどうだ？
　部活もやってないんだし、毎日ヒマだろ。
いい社会勉強になるぜ？」
「だったら、<name>ちゃんだって」
"Men are expected to eventually go work in an office anyway..."
"Women are too, you know."
"But that might change when they get married, right?
社会に出る機会のない人もいるぞ」
"Those types are a rare breed these days."
「それでもいるにはいる。
とくにお前とか、就職もせず、すぐに専業主婦になりそうだ」
"You're trying to say I'm the marrying type?"
"Nope. I'm saying you're the type who'd rather take things easy."
"Taking care of a household at a young age isn't as easy as you
think it is, you know. Right, Hinayama?"
"Huh? Y-Yeah..."
Rio gives a tentative yes to Akari's sudden question.
"Housewives only have to watch soap operas, enter sweepstakes, bathe,
and sleep, right?"
「へえ、<name>ちゃんは、そういうお嫁さんでいいんだ？」
"Hey, stop that!"
She has a witty rebuttal for everything I say.
「主婦の話じゃねーんだよ。
いまはバイトをするか、しないかっていう──」
Just then...
"S-Sorry to interrupt, but I have cleaning duty today so I need to
be at the classroom early. B-Bye!"
Rio says, running off with a look of discomfort on her face.
What's gotten into her all of a sudden?
　あ。
She is probably trying to be considerate of Akari's and my feelings.
Probably.
　オレは──。
A. Go after Rio.
Ｂ　あかりといっしょにいく。
