（あかり　好感度イベント　１）
（好感度が　７以上　のとき）
（一年時のみ）
（土曜日以外）
（この好感度イベントは１～１．２にまで同じ日に発生する）
（朝イベントと差し替え）
（自分の部屋）
*yaaaaawn*
Ten minutes after my alarm clock goes off, I stretch and get out of bed.
Now let's try to live another day to the fullest.
"I'm leaving!"
I inform the empty house that I'm leaving, then head out and lock the door.
"Good morning!"
Akari runs up from behind and stops next to me.
Her smile is dazzling in the morning sunlight.
"Hey, Akari.
You're still rocking those cute droopy eyes, I see."
"…"
A somewhat troubled look appears on Akari's face, and she gives me an awkward smile.
The park's greenery is more vivid than usual.
Probably because it rained last night.
The air seems a bit more crisp too.
It feels nice.
"Hey, <name>-chan."
When we reach the middle of the park, Akari suddenly speaks up.
"Are you having a sandwich for lunch again today?"
"Yeah, why?"
I nod.
Sandwiches are my lunch every day as of late.
I don't have time to make a bento, and I'm tired of all the school lunches, so Masashi and I buy them from the student store.
You can get a pork cutlet sandwich, sausage roll, and cafe au lait for 320 yen, so that's been my standard lunch recently.
Sometimes I get a tuna sandwich instead of a pork cutlet sandwich or fruit juice instead of cafe au lait so I don't get bored.
"Is that a problem?"
"Don't you get tired of eating that every day?"
"Kind of,
but I'm more tired of the school lunches."
"I made a bento today."
"What?
For me?"
"Yep."
Akari nods.
"Huh, thanks, that's very thoughtful.
But why?"
"I've been researching different ways to make bento and I wanted you to try one so I could get your opinion."
"So you're practicing on me?
Well, I'm just glad to get to eat for free."
"I tried to pick stuff you like."
"Sounds good."
"Let's eat lunch together."
"Sure, okay."
Akari giggles
Nice, free lunch.
The living expenses I get from my parents are barely enough to survive on, so saving on lunch gives me more to spend freely.
Lucky me.
"Then let's meet up at lunch time."
Akari says, reminding me as we part ways in the hall.
