（あかり　好感度イベント９．１）
（Ａ　んじゃ、行こか）
"Sure,
then let's do it."
"Okay."
I pick up my bag and rise from my chair.
Akari asks me something on the way back.
"<name>-chan, what do you want for dinner?"
"How about
a whole roast pig?"
"Are you kidding me?"
"The kind where it's wrapped in banana leaves and buried, and then you light a bonfire over it to roast it.
I forget what it's called."
"But there's no way I can get a whole pig.
I could order half of one, but it'd cost over two hundred thousand yen."
"It was a joke."
"Hey, Akari."
"What is it?"
"It doesn't have to be anything too fancy.
We could go to a restaurant for that.
I want something more homey."
"Got it.
Any particular requests?"
"Not really.
Whatever you're good at cooking."
"What I'm good at cooking?

Hmm, I'm not sure.
I don't think I'm especially good or bad at anything."
"Well, you can decide.
Make what you like.
I'm good with anything tasty, cheap, and nutritious."
"That's a pretty tough ask in and of itself..."
"I know you can do it.
I already have rice, miso, and seasonings.
I trust you for the rest!"
"Okay, got it.
I'll give it a try!"
"Alright, that's the spirit!"
It's easier than you might expect to get Akari hyped up.
・
・
・
・
・
Shopping at the supermarket together while we're both in school uniforms makes us stand out in a way I don't like, but whatever.
Akari buys tofu, pork, seaweed, daikon, carrots, cucumbers, asparagus, lettuce, eggs, avocados, natto, and more.
I have no clue what she's planning on cooking.
The whole time we're shopping, Akari goes on about random facts,
like how pork is high in vitamin B1 and helps with fatigue.
Akari cares a lot about both taste and nutrition.
When it comes to food, I know I can count on Akari to handle it.
She's reliable in that way.
Despite everything she buys, it's surprisingly cheap.
When I go shopping, it always costs over 3,000 yen. I'm impressed Akari knows how to check the prices.
She's learned it all from helping her family out all her life.
"So, what are you cooking anyway?"
"Hehehe, it's a surprise."
"I knew you'd say that."
Akari giggles.
We get back to my place around five.
It's a little early for dinner.
"We're here!"
"Hey, come on in."
"Thanks!"
Akari bowed slightly and entered the house.
"Feel free to use anything in the kitchen.
I'm going to go get changed in my room."
"Okay, got it.
I'll be in the kitchen."
I change into something more casual and go down to the living room. Akari is already preparing to cook in the kitchen.
She's washing and chopping vegetables.
I sit on the couch and turn the TV on.
"Hey, isn't it a little early for dinner?"
Then, she replies.
"Yeah,
but I'm just getting everything ready."
"Gotcha."
While Akari is hard at work, I space out and watch TV.
