（あかり　回数イベント　帰り道）
（選択肢Ａ　声をかける）
I put the magazine down, enter the store, and approach Akari.
She keeps reading the magazine and doesn't notice me at all.
What's she reading?
I take a peek from behind.
Let's see here…
Spring Bento Special?
What, a cooking magazine? So typical.
"You can't do that, miss."
"S-Sorry―
Oh, <name>-chan."
"You'll get in the way of other customers. Don't stand while reading, please."
"Geez, don't scare me like that!"
Akari smiles and blushes as she puts the magazine back on the shelf.
"Another cooking magazine?"
"Yep."
"Aren't they all the same?"
"No, not at all.
New issues always have new discoveries."
"Uh-huh, and what was today's discovery?"
"Salmon potato cakes. I was thinking of including some in my next bento."
"YES
S
S
S!"
"What?"
"Make those for me!"
"O-Okay, fine."
"Alright, then make them next time there's an event to bring a bento to."
"When would that be?"
"Whenever, really."
"Well, it's spring. We could go see the cherry blossoms and eat."
"Cherry blossoms, huh?"
"Remember when we all did that last year?"
"Yeah,
but that was awful."
Last year, Akari, Shiho, Masashi, and I went out at night to see the cherry blossoms.
I wanted it to be a quiet, peaceful night, but Shiho chatted it up with some older guys there, and they even started doing karaoke. She ruined everything.
There was nothing quiet or peaceful about being surrounded by a bunch of drunk guys.
It felt more like being at a seedy bar.
"All the clapping from those guys got Shiho singing and dancing and everything."
"You complained a lot, <name>-chan, but you still ate plenty."
"Well, yeah.
Eating was all I could do to enjoy myself at that point."
"I had fun, personally."
"Really?
You and Masashi were faking smiles the whole time."
"I guess I didn't have the easiest time fitting in there."
"You didn't have to worry about fitting in there."
"But I still want to go again this year!"
"If it's gonna be like last year, I'll pass."
"Then we can go about it differently this year."
"Well…"
Let's see…
A. Let's do it.
B. Maybe if I have time.
C. I'll think about it.
