（あかり　回数イベント　２Ｆ）
（Ａ　いっしょに屋上へ行く）
Well, it's not like I have anything else to do.
I might as well go with her.
"So, why are we going up there?"
"You'll find out."
Akari giggles.
"You're really hyping this up."
I mutter as we climb the stairs.
*creak*
I open the door to the roof.
Oooh...
I understand at once.
There's a rainbow.
The arc of colors stretches across the clear blue sky to the east.
It must be because of the rain earlier.
Now that I think about it, it was exactly the sort of light shower that tended to make rainbows.
The rainbow is on the opposite side of the building from the windows in the classroom, so I had no idea.
"Is this what you wanted to see?"
"Yep."
Akari grins and nods.
"Aren't you glad we came?"
"I mean,
yeah."
"Look closely."
"Hm?"
"There's another fainter rainbow above the first one."
I see, a double rainbow.
It's barely visible, but a faint rainbow is above the clearer one.
"I feel like it's been a while since I saw a rainbow."
I look up at the sky and murmur.
"Heheh, we saw them all the time as kids though.."
Stepping lightly forward, Akari says...
"I doubt the frequency of rainbows has gone down or anything, though. I just stopped noticing them."
"Maybe we have less opportunities to see them now."
"Maybe."
"Seeing rainbows less and less as you get older feels like something from a fairy tale."
Akari walks around the roof, avoiding the puddles.
"Hey, <name>-chan."
"Hm?"
"What do you think rainbows are?"
"Uh, they're sunlight reflecting off of water droplets―"
"That's not what I mean.
If you didn't know the scientific explanation, what would you think that rainbow was when you saw it?"
"What?
I dunno,
light?"
"I feel like I'd think it's a bridge. 
One that goes to some mysterious land."
"Well, that's a nice fantasy."
"But I'm sure lots of people used to think that. 

Maybe there were people who traveled to the rainbow believing that land was real."
Maybe people a long time ago
used to think like that.
"Hehe, you can only say that because you know what rainbows are.
If I didn't, maybe I'd travel to the rainbow too.
I'd want to see what was at the other end."
"That'd be a lot of work for nothing."
"But if that world did exist, and I never came back, what would you do?"
"I'm not sure."
"Would you come after me?"
"What?"
She's going on about another ridiculous hypothetical again.
Akari does this all the time.
I almost ask her why she'd ask such a question, but this is a regular thing with her, so I just roll with it.
"I'd probably go after you, I guess."
"Really?"
"That land wouldn't actually be real, so I imagine you'd be passed out somewhere."
"…"
Akari looks a little conflicted.
"But you'd come after me either way?"
"I'd rather not have to, so I'd stop you before you left."
"But if I insisted on going, what would you do?"
"I'd give up,
and let you go."
"Hehe,
then I wouldn't go."
"What the hell?"
"I wouldn't want to leave you behind. I'd worry."
"For real? That's your conclusion?"
"Hehehe."
*splash*
Akari steps in a puddle.
She seems to be having fun stomping on the rainbow's reflections.
She's gonna get her socks wet.
*splash*
*splash*
What's so fun about this to her?
*splash*
"Ah!"
I knew it. Her socks are soaked.
I watch Akari, and…
A. I think about how clumsy she is.
B. I think about how easy she is to please.
C. I think about how dog-like she is.
