（あかり　回数イベント　１Ｆ）
（Ａ　ああ、暇だ）
"Yeah, why?"
"I wanted to talk about our free time on the school trip."
Akari shows me a book.
"The Complete Guide...
to Hokkaido?
"This is the book you bought yesterday, huh.
Did you do some research?"
"Yep."
Akari grins.
"Alright,
then tell me all about our binge eating tour."
"We're not doing that."
Akari opens the guidebook.
The page on Sapporo, where we were scheduled to have free time, has a bunch of check marks written in pink marker.
"What would you recommend?"
"Um, so first we'll check out the Clark statue at Hokkaido University, then stop by Seikatei, a building famous for its architecture, and then we'll go to the Hokkaido University Botanical Gardens."
"Okay."
"Then we can go to the former Hokkaido Government Office, the clock tower, the Sapporo TV tower, and…"
"Are we just gonna go everywhere?"
"What?"
"If we spend all our time moving from place to place,
we won't have time to really take in the sights."
"Y-You think so?"
"We only have half a day."
"I just want to take the opportunity to see as much as possible and get photos."
So she wants a photo album of tourist destinations or what?
"Why not just pick the places you for sure want to go and go to those?"
"Okay, maybe that works."
"Then where do you want to go?"
"Well,
lots of places, but if I had to pick just one, it would be the bear park."
"The bear park?"
"They're supposed to take care of bear cubs there.
I wanna see them."
"Then why not go?"
"Well, it's not in Sapporo.
It's in Noboribetsu.
We'd have to travel all the way there and all the way back."
"Then it's not happening."
"Yeah, I think you're right."
"…"
"…"
"…"
"…"
"Do you really want to see the bears?"
"What?
　
Y-Yeah,
I mean, Hokkaido is famous for its bears."
Their natural habitat?
"Is there no closer place with bears?"
"Hm, I'm not sure."
"Give me that."
I snatch the guidebook from Akari and flip through it.
"Uhhh, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears..."
"…"
"Bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears, bears..."
"Um, never mind,
I can see bears at the zoo here."
"But you want to see them there, right?"
"What?"
"It's worth it to you to see bears in their natural habitat, yeah?
Oh, there's this place near Sapporo called Kakuyama Park. There's a zoo there.
Want to go?"
"Oh, really?"
"Looks like they have 1,300 different animals of 210 different species.
I'm sure they have bears."
"Oh, yeah.
I'm sure they do."
Akari immediately cheers up.
"Alright, then we can spend a couple of hours on that.
Then we need to get some local food."
"Of course."
We keep talking about our plans for the school trip.
Neither of us commit to anything, but whatever we decide to do, we plan on doing it together.
Well, Masashi and Shiho will likely be joining us too.
All that's left now is to wait for the trip to start.
We don't have long to go.
I can't wait.
Golden Week is first, though.
