（芹香　好感度イベント　
６）
（４月３０日）
（好感度が　のとき）
（昼休み）
（中庭）
It's lunch time.
Masashi and I eat sandwiches in the courtyard.
"<name>, I need to go to do something for the soccer club."
"Alright, got it.
I'll just stay here and get some sun."
"Okay, see you later."
Masashi smiles and waves before he leaves.
The afternoon sunlight is bright.
I stretch my arms and yawn.
"*yaaawn...*"
I lean back on the bench and squint as I look up at the sky.
Oh right, Kurusugawa should be coming with her lunch soon.
Perfect timing.
Maybe I'll relax and chat with Lady Serika.
As I think about that...
*rustle, rustle*
Something moves in the foliage behind me.
"Oh?"
I turn to see what it is and...
"Master <family>!"
"Whoa!"
I'm suddenly confronted with a big old man's face.
I know this face. It was Kurusugawa's butler.
"My apologies,
maybe that was a little mean.
Hwaaahahahaha!"
He keeps the same expression as he cackles, moving only his jaw.
"Where'd you come from?!"
"The grass,
I suppose. 

Hwaaahahaha,
hahaha!"
What is this dumb old man's deal?
"Man, what the hell?
Your lady's not here yet.
She'll probably arrive with lunch in about ten minutes."
"You know her well,
Master <family>."
"Master <family>?"
Why's the old man calling me Master now?
He was always hostile and condescending before.
What's he up to?
"School's not even over yet. Why are you here?"
"I came to deliver a freshly made lunch to Lady Serika."
He shows me the pink bento bag in his hand.
"However, simply delivering it would be rather artless.
I wanted to surprise her by hiding in the grass."
"Or you could just give it to her.
You should know to just do your job by your age, old man."
"Don't call me old man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"!"
My ears ring.
"My name is Sebastian."
"S-Sebastian?!
Liar! You're clearly Japanese!"
"It's a nickname. My Lady lovingly performed a magical ritual to select it."
*blush*
The man who calls himself Sebastian turns red with embarrassment.
"…"
"At any rate…"
The old man clears his throat and stops joking around.
"You see, Master <family>,
there was something I wanted to ask of you today."
He gives me a serious look.
"You want me to do something?"
"Yes.
It's about none other than Lady Serika."
"Serika?"
"Yes."
He slowly nods.
About Serika?
Hah, he's probably going to tell me to stop spending time with her.
"What is it, then?"
I ask in an annoyed tone. The old man takes a breath before bowing.
And then…
"Please remain with Lady Serika forever."
That's his request.
"Uh…"
This was not at all what I was expecting. I'm left stunned.
"What do you mean?"
I can't help but read into his words.
"It is what it sounds like.
I have no ulterior motive."
"Uh huh, so you want us to be together.
Well, you didn't need to ask me to do that.
That was my plan anyway.
You're the one who's always getting in the way of that."
"That request came from her grandfather.
You know Lady Serika is quite beautiful, of course, and she attracts some unsavory pests.
Keeping them away from her is my duty."
"So I was one such pest, then?"
"Yes."
He nods emphatically.
Dumb old man.
"But that's no longer the case.
I see things differently now."
"Really?"
"Yes.
You changed my mind...
Lady Serika looks forward to going to school every day now.
We've never seen her this way before."
"*sigh*"
Slightly embarrassed, I scratch my nose.
"So, have you been serving her for a long time?"
"Yes,
for her entire life."
He looks off into the distance as if remembering something.
"When Lady Serika was younger, she was always locked away at home and all alone."
Tears well up in his eyes.
I don't care about an old man's tears, but I am interested in hearing about Serika.
"She was all alone?"
I ask for more info.
"The esteemed Kurusugawa family is a house of the highest standing.
Their daughter exists in a completely different sphere from the common people.
She was raised away from regular society so as not to be corrupted by lowbrow culture."
The old man starts rambling, so I straighten my posture and listen.
Lady Serika was raised by her grandfather, the head of the family.
Her parents had to move to New York for a few years to start a new business, leaving her in her grandfather's care.
He and Lady Serika's grandmother were certainly protective of their first grandchild.
She was given as sheltered an upbringing as could be.
And now it seems she may have been too sheltered.
She wasn't allowed to go anywhere but school.
She couldn't watch TV.
She couldn't read books or watch videos without prior approval either.
She only had me, her grandparents, and her strict teachers to talk to.
I often pitied her, but I owed too much to her grandfather to speak against him.
She received the affection of her grandparents, but had no friends her age. Every day she would stay at the estate and play with dolls by herself.
I still remember her playing by putting her favorite stuffed rabbit toy to bed, all alone.
It still brings tears to my eyes.
When Lady Serika was eleven, her parents returned to Japan with her younger sister, Lady Ayaka.
She was finally free from her excessive restrictions.
But she was so deprived of social development in her youth that she grew to be an introvert who struggled to make friends.
Unlike her sister, she had no close friends in elementary or middle school and spent her days alone.
"Her parents couldn't bear to see her that way, so rather than send her to a strict and prestigious high school, they had her attend this more relaxed and casual one.
However, this did little to change Lady Serika.
Even at a school for commoners, she couldn't make friends."
"Well, sorry this is such a commoner school."
"She had little experience being friends with anyone...
until she met you."
"Me?"
"Yes.
After she became friends with you, she still looked the same as ever, but somehow she seemed happy."
"Haha."
"She says you're her one precious friend."
"Her one precious friend?"
"Yes?"
"…"
"That kind of makes me blush.
"Master <family>."
"Y-Yeah?"
"This is why I ask you to remain close with Lady Serika."
"I-In what way?"
"As a friend."
"…"
"Her grandfather commanded me never to let any male friends get close to her."
"But I'm fine?"
"Yes,
for her sake.
I'm defying his orders from now on."
"Old man―err, Sebastian."
"Oh, Master, forgive me!
After the war, I wandered the scorched ruins of the city, getting in street fights with ruffians until you took me in.
And I, Nagase, will forever be indebted to you!"
"Nagase? Is that your name?"
Also, street fights?
That explains why he's in such good shape.
"Now, Master <family>,
I'll be leaving for today.
May I ask that you give this bento to Lady Serika?"
"Y-Yeah."
I nod and take the bento bag.
"Then farewell."
"Oh, wait."
"What?"
"I wanted to ask something."
"Very well,
what is it?"
"When did Lady Serika get into magic and stuff?"
"After her parents returned to Japan when she was in elementary school."
"Oh."
"Lady Serika was allowed to read non-academic books for the first time.
She found an old magic book the madam had brought to our library, and she seemed to quite like the illustrations. She started looking at that instead of picture books."
"A magic tome instead of picture books..."
"I remember that being the start of it.
She began to take serious interest in the contents of the book, so she slowly read through it with a dictionary in hand."
"But why did the madam have that book?"
"Because…"
"Because?"
"…She was a witch!"
"What?!"
"I'm kidding."
"…"
"She happened to acquire it on her honeymoon in London, I believe.
She bought it as a souvenir."
In London?
"Now, I must be going."
The old butler (Sebastian, allegedly) politely bowed before leaving.
Hmmm…
So that was how she got into witchcraft?
You never know what'll come to define a person.
Just then…
Lady Serika arrives.
"Hey, My Lady.
Your butler brought this for you."
I show her the bento bag.
"…"
"You want to know where Sebastian is?
He already left.
By the way, what's with his name?"
"…"
"It's a special nickname?
Calling him by that name brings good luck?
How do I get a name like that?
Actually, never mind."
"…"
"What?
Do I actually want one?
No, I'll pass.
I mean, what if I got something lame?"
