（芹香　回数イベント　２Ｆ　ＬＶ１）
（選択肢Ｂ　じゃあ、占ってもらうか）
"Then will you tell my fortune?"
"…"
"What?
Will I go to the Occult Research Club room?
Or would I rather have my fortune told in the classroom?"
Hm, let's see...
Checking out the club room would be nice, but it'd also take more time.
I decide to pass on that for the day.
"Let's do it in the classroom.
Nobody else is around anyway."
Expressionless,
Kurusugawa nods.
"Well, sit wherever you like."
When I say that...
"…"
Kurusugawa can't seem to decide where to sit.
"Look, here. Sit here."
I pull a chair over and have her sit on it.
"Alright, now do it."
I urge her to continue.
Kurusugawa nods.
I can't say I was expecting fortune-telling when I saw her in the hall. Kurusugawa is so unpredictable.
Why is she going out of her way to do this for me?
Oh, wait a second...
I see.
It's because I said I was interested in the occult before.
That's why she wants to do this for me.
Hmmmm...
For being so rich, she's pretty conscientious. What a wonderful person.
Oh, wait a second...
I see.
It's because I said I'm interested in the occult this morning.
That's why she wanted to do this for me.
Hmmm...
For being so rich, she's pretty conscientious. What a wonderful person.
Kurusugawa asks me what kind of fortune I want. After thinking about it for a bit, I go with a basic option and ask whether I should go to college or get a job after high school.
She begins telling my fortune.
Her slender fingers reach for the cards.
She flips them over one at a time.
She doesn't have any fancy magic tricks, but she seems to have plenty of experience with this.
She flips over more cards.
Each time she flips a card, a mystical aroma seems to waft through the otherwise familiar classroom.
Kurusugawa stares at a single point and keeps moving the cards like an automaton.
So,
these are tarot cards...
There are mysterious cards like the Star, the Tower, and the Sun, and so forth.
Right now, my fate is unfolding right here on this desk.
How weird.
I'm curious about the cards, but my eyes are even more drawn to Kurusugawa.
Her long, shiny hair...
It seems to gleam in the light from the window.
It's beautiful…
Then, Kurusugawa's hands stop.
"…"
I ask her...
if she's done.
She nods.
"So what are the results?"
"What?
I should go to college?
Huh.
And that'll lead to a new life?"
She nods.
"I see.
Then maybe I should study harder so I can do that."
She nods and starts to slowly put her cards away.
I usually don't trust stuff like fortune-telling, but I guess I'll just take this as advice from Kurusugawa.
Eventually, she finishes cleaning the cards up.
"Thanks for coming, Kurusugawa."
I stand up from my seat.
"…"
She stands up after me.
"…"
"What?
You want to know if we can hang out again?
Yeah, of course we can.
"…"
"Maybe can show me your club's room...
next time."
Kurusugawa nods, and says goodbye before leaving the classroom.
"…"
She's nice and pretty,
but definitely a bit odd.
