пјҲиҠ№йҰҷгҖҖеӣһж•°гӮӨгғҷгғігғҲгҖҖпј’пјҰгҖҖпј¬пј¶пј“пјү
пјҲйҒёжҠһиӮўпјЎгҖҖиЎҢгҒҸпјү
"Alright,
I'll go."
I nod.
I come to school every day, but there are places on campus that I know nothing about.
The club house is one such building.
There's a row of signs for different clubs.
The Photo Club, Handicraft Club, Acting Club, Manga Research Club, Film Research Club, Railroad Research Club...
This hallway is normally quiet, but at the moment I can hear laughter and music. It's oddly lively.
I have to wonder what Kurusugawa's Occult Research Club is like.
"Here?"
Her long hair subtly sways as she nods.
On the ordinary door is a sign that reads "Occult Research Club".
It looks surprisingly normal from the outside.
I had been imagining something darker and more sinister.
But what really matters is what's inside.
The door to mystery is about to open.
My excitement shoots up.
Kurusugawa unlocks the door.
*creak*
I hear metal scrape against metal as she opens the door.
"вҖҰ"
"What?
I can go in?
Alright then."
The room is pitch black.
The windows are blocked by blackout curtains. When the door shuts, the only light is what little shines through from the hall.
My senses first pick up on a mysterious fragrance.
A citrusy scent fills the room.
I can't see anything until Kurusugawa lights a candle.
"Can't we just turn the lights on?"
Kurusugawa tells me it's important to set the mood.
"Oh, really?"
Now that I can see, the occult-ness of the room is apparent.
There are spooky items all around the room.
Talismans, amulets, and candles sit on the table, creepy posters are stuck up on the walls, and the shelves are packed with thick books.
There's a weird handmade doll too.
Although it doesn't have any pins stuck in it, it's still plenty eerie.
Ugh...
It's like a little occult museum.
And the biggest surprise is...
*clank* *clank*
"Whoa, is this a metal magic circle?"
I'm standing on a big magic circle made from a metal plate.
"вҖҰ"
"What?
It's a demon summoning circle?"
She nods.
"The circle part is for warding off evil and the triangle part is for summoning?"
She nods again.
"Wow, this is intense."
I can't help but whisper to myself.
"Whoa..."
Taken aback, I slowly look around the room.
"Ah!"
When I see Kurusugawa illuminated by the candle, I jump.
"D-Don't scare me like that,
Kurusugawa.
What?
You got scared too?
Sorry about that."
However, she doesn't look at all scared to me.
AndвҖҰ
As Kurusugawa stands there, spacing out in the dim candlelight...
I can't help but think she has a sort of mystical allure.
The vibe of the room probably has something to do with it.
"But this is pretty cool.
Did you collect all this stuff yourself?"
"вҖҰ"
"Oh, the other members helped?
That's right...
You're not the only member, huh?"
She nods.
"HmmmmвҖҰ"
I look around the room again.
"Oh, Kurusugawa, what's this?"
A. Ask about the rolled up paper.
B. Ask about the weird doll.
C. Ask about the leaves in a glass bottle.
