（智子　出会いイベント）
（３月１０日　月曜日）
（昼休み）
（教室）
It's lunch time.
I finish eating and head off to use the bathroom.
Then, in the hall on the way back to the classroom...
"Oh, <name>-chan."
I run into Akari.
She's holding a book.
"Where are you off to?"
"I'm returning a book to the library.
Want to come with me?"
I wondered why she was asking me,
but I had nothing else to do, so I considered it and said...
"Sure."
I agree to go.
And so, we head to the library.
This library was only constructed a few years ago. It's quiet and air-conditioned, making it one of the most pleasant locations in the school.
I pretty much never borrow books, but I do nap in the library sometimes.
"I want to find another book to borrow before I return this one."
"Alright, go for it.
I'll just wait here."
"You should try borrowing a book or two every once in a while.
You might actually find something that interests you."
"I guess..."
I answer with disinterest.
Borrowing books is one thing, but having to return them is such a pain that I can't be bothered.
But if I'm honest about that, Akari will keep arguing.
"Whatever,
maybe I'll take a look."
I leave it at that.
Akari looks at me and giggles.
I can tell by the look on her face that she doesn't believe me.
She knows I'm being evasive.
Yeah, I get it, she sees right through me.
That's what happens when you've known someone for as long as we've known each other.
She always knows what I'm thinking.
"Then tell me if there's a book you want to borrow.
I can teach you how to fill out the card."
I can do that much by myself, but...
"Yeah."
I just go along with it.
Akari grins and walks off.
"…"
I don't know if I actually want a book, but now I have to walk around looking at them.
I feel like I just got played.
Well, whatever.
Maybe there really is an interesting book somewhere.
I scan the shelves.
I glance at all the titles but don't look any deeper.
After passing by the bookshelf in front of me, I walk over to a tall bookshelf at the back of the room...
A girl is there, standing on her tiptoes and straining to reach for something up high.
She can't seem to reach a book.
She has almond-shaped eyes, glasses, and braided hair.
I've seen this girl before.
A girl is there, standing on her tiptoes and straining to reach for something up high.
She can't seem to reach a book.
She has almond-shaped eyes, glasses, and braided hair.
I've never seen this girl before.
She stands on her toes like a ballerina in a desperate attempt to extend her hand further.
But her fingertips only barely touch the spine of the book. She can't seem to grab it.
I feel bad just watching without doing anything.
I…
A. Ask if she wants help.
B. Grab the book without saying anything.
