（智子　好感度イベント７回目）
（選択肢Ａからの続き）
"Hey, wait."
I talk to her from behind.
However, the Class Rep keeps walking, either pretending not to hear or truly not hearing me.
"Hey, Class Rep!"
She doesn't look back.
"What the hell? Can you not hear?!"
"…"
"Tomoko Hoshina!"
"…"
I take a deep breath and shout.
"Toooooooooomooooooookoooooo, Hooooooooshiiiiiiiii―"
"Pipe down! I hear you!"
She frantically turns around to yell at me.
The clear Kansai intonation in her voice makes the girls around us giggle.
Class Rep looks around, shuts her mouth, and hangs her head with shame.
"What's your problem? If you heard me, you could've said something."
I walk in front of her.
"Why are you ignoring me?"
"…"
She keeps her head down and her shoulders quiver.
Her hands clench the shoes she's holding.
Her shame begins to evolve into rage.
Eventually, on the verge of exploding, she answered in a shaky tone.
"I want to ignore you."
"Huh?"
Then, she unleashes her anger.
"I'm ignoring you because you're so annoying!"
"Wha?"
"I thought eventually you'd give up and stop bugging me, but it looks like I was wrong!"
"Y-You really are…"
I'm about to call her an asshole, but I stop myself.
Oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man...
If we get in a fight, things are gonna get out of control.
Calm down, calm down...
I tell myself to keep it cool.
Once I suppress my own growing rage, I force a smile.
"Hah, hahaha, you don't mince words.
I'm annoying?"
She sighs and gives me an annoyed look.
"Yep."
She answers, clearly fed up with me.
"Like I told you on the roof, <family>-kun, you're a little overly friendly with me."
She gives me a cold glare.
"What relationship do you think you have with me?"
She furrows her brow.
"What? We're in the same class. We sit by each other."
"And that's all.
We're not friends."
We're not friends?
"What do you mean? We're friends."
I awkwardly smile.
She sighs, appalled with me.
"Since when were we friends?
　
This is what I mean when I say you act too familiar with me."
Too familiar?
Well, maybe I could be a little oblivious when it came to these things.
"But talking to someone on the way home is pretty normal."
"Even that's enough to bug me."
She speaks plainly.
"I like being alone.
I don't need anyone talking to me or trying to be my friend."
She laughs.
"I'm just that self-centered.
You're not gonna get anything out of talking to me.
You'd be better off giving up instead of wasting more time."
So she says.
"So can this be the last time you talk to me?"
With that, she turns around and walks away.
"Class Rep…"
However, she looks lonely from behind for some reason. Maybe I'm imagining it.
