（志保　ノベルシーン）
（選択肢　追いかける）
"Fine,
I'll go."
"Okay…"
After getting a nod from Akari, I chase after Shiho.
I can't see her anymore, but I know what direction she ran off into.
For whatever reason, she was heading toward Akari's and my neighborhood.
Regardless, I run after her, making use of the speed I'd honed by almost being late to school every day.
It takes a while to catch up, but I end up finding her near the shopping arcade.
"Shiho!"
She looks mad.
"Why'd you follow me?"
She turns and walks off.
"Hey, hold on."
"Where's Akari?"
"I left her behind."
"What'd you come here for?"
"I dunno, what'd you come here for?
You're going the wrong way."
"...Whatever.
I might as well walk to your house with you."
"I don't mind, I guess."
I don't know why, but Shiho and I return home together.
When we get to the usual park, Shiho points to the swings and asks if I'm interested.
I nod.
"Did you know?

I'm an expert at swings!"
"…"
"One time I swung so high that I almost did a full 360."
She gets on the swing.
Unfortunately for her, I have no interest in expert swing techniques.
I'm more curious about what made her mad.
I try asking about it.
"Hey, so about what just happened…?"
"Don't worry about it.
I was just a little irritated."
Shiho answers before I can get all the words out.
"Why?
What was there to get mad about?
Akari and I were just doing what we always do."
"You can't just stay childhood friends forever, y'know."
"What the hell?
That's what we are. What more would we be?"
"Telling you would defeat the point."
"So,
you're saying we should be boyfriend and girlfriend, right?
I've noticed you've been acting weird and having us sit together lately. That's what this is about?"
"Ugh…"
"It was all so infantile that I couldn't even tell what you were trying to do."
"Y-Yeah, so I'm infantile.
So sorry."
"But there's one more thing I don't get."
"What?"
"Why'd you start doing this stuff recently?"
"Wh-Who cares about that?"
"I do.
That's why I chased after you."
"It doesn't matter."
"Just tell me."
"No."
"Tell me."
"No."
"Tell me."
"No!"
"Tell me!"
"Shut up!
　
If you knew how Akari felt―"
Shiho stops herself and frantically covers her mouth.
"I don't know...
how Akari feels?"
"Oh, forget that.
It was nothing."
Watching Shiho panic makes me smile a little.
"I see."
"Wh-What? I said it was nothing."
"So, it's finally come to this."
"Why are you acting...
like you've got everything figured out?"
"I do know how Akari feels."
"…"
"And I know how you feel too."
Shiho looks at me with shock.
"You're trying to help with your best friend's romance, right?"
"If you knew, then why didn't you do anything?"
"I didn't want to, that's why.
I feel like it'd wreck the friendship between you, me, Akari, and Masashi."
"Why?
　
Everyone knows you and Akari are into each other."
"Then they don't know much."
"What?"
"You've thought about how Akari feels, but have you ever thought about how I feel?"
"How do you feel?"
"If I ever acted on my feelings, the relationship the four of us have would never be the same again."
"What do you mean?"
"It's not Akari I want to be with.
It's you."
I confess.
"…"
Shiho is silent.
"Say something."
"That's gonna hurt Akari."
"Don't worry about Akari.
What about you?"
"What?"
"I want to know how you feel."
"H-How I feel about you?"
Shiho looks away.
"I hate you."
She mutters.
"Yeah?
So I've been rejected?"
"…"
"Come on,
there must be someone you're into."
"…"
She doesn't answer.
I continue.
"But there's another girl who likes him, and she's your best friend, so you're trying to let her have him."
"…"
"Am I wrong?"
"M-Must be one lucky guy."
"That's really how you want things to end?
I'm asking you this for your sake."
"I…
I don't care.
I'm fine with him being with her."
"Liar.
If you don't care, why'd you get so upset?"
"Because, I told Akari to do her best.

If we got together now then it'd be like I was lying when I said that."
"Were you not lying?"
"No!
I mean, it's only recently that I…"
She goes quiet.
"That you what?"
"I realized!

I realized...
I might like the guy too."
"Nothing wrong with that.
Well, it might be sad for Akari, but still..."
"It is wrong.
If I tell Akari, I'm sure she'll just smile and let me have him.
That's a smile I never want to see."
"How's that any different from what you're doing?
If Akari knew how you feel, she'd do the same."
"…"
"…"
"Then we'll just have to make sure she never finds out."
Shiho acts like she just thought of that.
"I guess, but…"
"Look, maybe we have feelings for each other, but are we gonna just suddenly start walking around holding hands tomorrow?

I don't think anything really needs to change."
I can't help but imagine it.
Shiho and I holding hands?
"Y-You have a point."
I give her a little nod.
She's right.
If we just keep going to arcades and karaoke together,
we can continue on as usual while dating.
"It'll be the same as always.
　
We can just do that."
"Y-Yeah."
I reflexively nod again. Shiho grins.
"If that's what it's like,
maybe I could date that guy."
That guy? Enough of that already.
"Al-Alright,
sounds good."
I just nod.
So, Shiho and I are going to be a couple?
And then...
"To tell you the truth, I was mostly just scared that things would change for the four of us."
She sounds relieved.
"So we were all thinking the same thing?"
"Oh, but not in the sense that someone falling for someone could ruin things. I mean like everything could stay peaceful for a long time, but eventually something might change."
"I get how you feel, but people change."
"Duh,
but some changes are bad."
"I guess so."
"Hey…"
Shiho pauses for a moment before asking something.
"What?"
"Do you think we'll still be together, like, even way after graduation?"
"You and me?"
"No, stupid, don't get ahead of yourself.
I mean Akari and Masashi too."
"R-Right."
I panic for a bit before saying that I'm not sure.
"Well, whether we go to college or get jobs, we're never going to all end up in the same school or workplace."
"Hey, we're not kids anymore. We can't stick together forever."
"I know we can't.
It just feels like we'll be walking different paths in life, y'know?"
"eah…"
"And then...
I'd miss everyone."
"…"
The four of us can't be best friends forever.
That's probably part of growing up, but I understand how Shiho feels all too well.
I can't deny that I feel the same way.
So I get it.
"Man,
that was a lame thing to say.
I wasn't really planning to tell you about this stuff."
Shiho hops off the swing.
"Sounded to me like you were confiding in me."
"Wh-What are you talking about?"
Shiho gets annoyed.
"Turns out even you can be kinda cute sometimes. Who knew?"
"S-Stupid, don't be silly.
I'm going home."
She's about to scurry away.
"Hey, Shiho."
"Wh-What?"
"So, who is it you're into?"
I know, but I ask anyway.
I want to hear her say it.
"Y-You don't need me to tell you."
"But I don't know."
"How about you say who you like?
It's not like it's written all over your face."
"I'll say it if you say it."
"Don't be ridiculous.
You first."
"Don't be shy."
"Y-You don't be shy."
"Can't you just be honest about how you feel?"
"Wh-Why don't you be honest about how you feel?"
"I already was, remember?"
"Then make it more clear!"
"Ugh, you're so annoying!
This is never gonna end."
"It'll end if you just say it."
"Fine, then I will.
I like Shiho Nagaoka. That is all."
I blurt out the truth.
"Wh-What the heck?!

I didn't hear any emotion in that at all!"
"Shut up,
I said it.
Now you say it."
"Hmph.
Then I'll be the same way about it."
Shiho puts on a sullen face.
"I…"
Then she goes quiet.
"Spit it out."
"I…"
"Go on now."
"I hate you!

Why do I have to say it?!"
"Wh-What?!"
"You don't have to confirm every little detail. Just going on like we always have is enough."
Then, she turns around.
"H-Hey."
I frantically try to stop her.
"See you tomorrow!"
Shiho waves goodbye and runs off.
・
・
・
I feel like I really lost out.
That's what I think to myself as I head home.
Well,
we didn't have to say anything to see the relationship between us.
We'd actually been dating for a long time.
We argued like children whenever we saw each other.
Our parents were still supporting us, so we were more or less children anyway.
As fellow children, maybe we complemented each other well.
Satisfied with that logic, I return home.
"<nick>, let's go do karaoke!"
"Sure."
And so, Shiho and I continued to have the same relationship as usual.
We competed at karaoke the same way.
We battled at the arcade the same way.
We argued about whatever the same way.
Well, we at least started kissing, but...
After graduation, she went to a junior college in Kansai.
I know she did at least some studying throughout high school, but I'm surprised she got into any college.
What's more surprising is that she was the one to break the harmony between the four of us.
She was the one who wanted us all to stay together forever, yet she moved far away.
But now I kind of understand how she felt.
If things couldn't always stay the same, then she might as well have been the first to change.
It was the kind of bold move I expected of her.
But the problem was her relationship with me.
After she moved, I never received a letter or even a phone call.
It bothered me at first, but this was also typical of her, so I decided to forget about it.
Ugh…;
Oh man...
How am I gonna make it to class on time?
I shouldn't have let Akari go on ahead without me.
I had gotten too comfortable with college life and by junior year, my grades were suffering as a result.
I started going to class more regularly and managed to pull it together enough in the second half of junior year that I was able to advance and become a senior.
I'd fallen into a pattern of screwing around for the first half of the year and making up for it in the second. I never even dreamed I'd end up in this situation.
By the time I realized that I'd played around too much, my circumstances were dire.
If I missed this class that was starting in thirty minutes, my nightmares would become reality.
I tried to keep moving forward, but I was no longer running to make it to school on time as I did back in high school, and my laziness had weakened my legs.
I was in serious trouble.
I was freaking out when...
"Hey, you!"
Someone calls out to me.
It's a lady in sunglasses sitting in a car.
I look around assuming she's talking to someone else, but nobody else is there.
"Yeah, you."
Dressed in street-style fashion, the lady nods from her red convertible.
"Me?"
"Yes, you, the guy right there."
"Do you need something?"
"Get in."
"Huh?"
"Stop fooling around!"
"Huh?"
I'm only getting more confused.
"God, you're annoying. Do you not recognize me?"
She raises her sunglasses and winks.
I've seen this lady before.
Between her face and behavior, the memories come rushing back.
"Are you... Shiho?!"
"Hey, so you finally remembered."
"Been a while.
What've you been up to?"
I ask casually, speaking as if I just saw her yesterday.
"Doesn't matter, just get in the car."
"S-Sure."
I'd almost forgotten the predicament I'm in.
A car can get me to class in time.
I jump into the passenger's seat.
"Get me to school quick."
"School?"
"University, yeah."
"What?
　
You're gonna be late?"
"If I'm late, the professor will fail me,
and then I won't be able to graduate."
"Fail you?
　
It's that bad?"
"Yeah,
so hurry."
Shiho's face goes stiff for a moment, and then...
"Ahahaha, you are such an idiot! 
Same old <nick>."
She slaps the steering wheel as she laughs.
"Don't laugh, drive."
"Ahaha, sorry, sorry.
I'll get on that."
The engine roars.
Shiho quickly turns the wheel, and the red convertible does a U-turn.
I cling to the door to avoid flying out.
"Can't you drive a little smoother?"
I ask once the car is finally driving straight.
"Oh yeah,
I guess the cops might whine about that in this country."
That's a strange way to put that.
"This country? Where have you been, then?"
"The US."
"C'mon,
have you gotten worse at lying since I last saw you?"
"I'm serious."
"What the hell?
Are you studying abroad or what?"
"It's for work...
My job."
"What job?"
"I'm a journalist.
You know, someone in the media."
"What? So you haven't changed at all.
What was it in high school?
The Shiho Information Network? 
Don't tell me you're still doing that."
"Oh, so you get it."
"Seriously?"
"The whole world loves hearing about celebrity scandals.
It's universal."
"So you're chasing after scandals in the US?
Can you even speak English?"
"I speak it well enough.
I couldn't really hold a conversation for the first year or so, but when there's nothing but English around you, you get desperate."
"Wow,
well done."
"They love me over there.
People know about 'Shiho Info' across the globe."
"Are you seriously still using that name?"
"It's easy to remember."
A wry smile spreads across my face. It's so like Shiho to go all in on something like this.
"I guess.
So what brings you back to Japan?
Got time off?"
"Well, I was told to do some work back here.
I wasn't too happy about it though."
"Why not?
I'd think things should be more comfortable for you here."
"Japan doesn't make things easy.
Like, say I get in a crazy car chase going after a celebrity,
and I hit a few cars in the process, but I end up getting the scoop."
"That does sound very American."
I imagine it like a scene in a movie.
"Yeah, in America I could get away with hitting a car or two once they see what I accomplished."
"Sure...
I feel like America might let you get away with that."
"But in Japan they'd make a huge deal out of it.
You'd have reports about paparazzi road rage. The stories would be all about me and not the celebrity."
"Yeah, probably, but do you really like to get that wild chasing after stories?"
"Hm, well, it is fun,
but I don't think anyone would run away in so exciting a fashion in Japan anyway."
"Umm, and that makes you lose interest?"
"Pretty much."
Then we both go silent for a while.
I gaze at Shiho's face from the side.
Now that I'm really looking at her, I can't help but feel nostalgic.
It's almost like nothing has changed, but not quite.
She disappeared from our lives four years ago.
I don't know if it's because of some struggles she had in the US, but she comes across as somewhat more mature.
She used to be childish, but now she's handling this car like a toy.
Clearly, she's changed.
She's grown into a capable, beautiful woman.
As I'm thinking that...
"Oh right,
so Lemmy wanted to know how you're doing."
"Lemmy?"
Right, Lemmy suddenly moved back to the US in the middle of our junior year of high school.
"I stay at her house when I'm out west.
She's been my English teacher and a close friend."
"Huh.
how's she been?
"Oh, she's great."
"Yeah?"
"Hey, you wanna ditch class and go check out the old school?"
Shiho suddenly brings the car to a stop.
"Are you nuts?
I can't do that."
"I get it,
but look up there before saying that."
Shiho points to the traffic up ahead.
"Oh man,
seriously?"
"How many minutes do you have?"
"Around nineteen, I think."
"Yeah, that's not happening.
This car would have to either have sirens or be able to fly."
"Crap..."
"So this is really gonna be bad for you?"
"Probably."
"Do you think they could let you off the hook...
if you report this to them later?"
"Not sure."
"You'll be fine.
Your graduation depends on this, right?
　
You're not dealing with monsters here."
"…"
"You could just tell them that your friend Nagaoka died in an accident."
"Alright, whatever,
I'll figure out how to get a passing grade later. Why do you want to go to our old school?"
"Because I miss it."
"You do?
I thought you hated school."
"I did, but all memories are precious."
"Yeah?
Well, I kind of miss it too. Let's go."
"Okay!"
She turns off the main road and down a side street.
We drive down that narrow road, heading for the street we used to take to school.
"So…"
"What?"
"Why'd you go so far away for college?"
Shiho briefly glances at me.
"Well, I wasn't smart enough to go to the same school as the rest of you."
She sounds like she was joking.
"Liar.
If you were really that stupid, your grades wouldn't have shot up so much in senior year that you were able to go to college.
It was pretty clear at that point that you could do whatever you set your mind to."
"Ah, that's my ex-boyfriend for you.
You really get it."
"Tell me why."
Then, with a look of resignation, she says...
"Do you remember how I said I wanted us all to be together forever back then?"
"Yeah."
"I changed my mind.
I decided that if we're gonna split up one day, I should be the one who causes that."
"And you didn't even talk to me about it?"
"Stupid, the point was to do it based solely on my own judgment."
"Man, you're selfish."
"Hehehe.
But there was one other reason."
"What?"
"Have you been getting along well with Akari?"
"Akari?
Nothing's changed there, really."
"Liar.
There must've been some developments there."
She gives me a mildly serious look.
"W-Well, sure."
I feel like she could see right through me, so I answer honestly.
"Very good.
Then my betrayal was canceled out."
"Your betrayal?"
"I told you...

I couldn't betray Akari.
The reason I never took things further with you in high school was out of a sense of obligation to her."
"You…"
"So, it sounds like now I can say I'm done with that obligation."
"What do you mean?"
"You're so dumb.
We're not kids anymore.

It makes no sense to feel obligated to let someone else have the person you love.
It was childish to think I was a good person for that."
"Hey, so what you're saying is…"
"Akari and I are best friends, but we're romantic rivals, starting today.
And I'm not holding back."
"Shiho…"
You're so dumb.
You already won that one in high school only to give it up because you cared so much about Akari.
Akari's got some great friends.
"Look, we're here."
She announces that we've arrived at the school.
"Huh,
I thought it would've changed more."
When Shiho gets out of the car and looks up at the building, that's the first thing she says.
"I guess it's only been four years."
"So much has happened since graduation that it felt more like ten."
"Ten years?"
"What do you think we'll be doing in ten years?"
"No idea."
"I still feel like I remember high school like it was yesterday,
but maybe I'm actually looking back on it through the lens of nostalgia."
"Maybe."
"Don't you wish you could remember it all as it was for the rest of your life?"
"That would be nice, but the rest of our lives will be spent making more memories/
It'd be hard to hold onto them all."
"Sounds like fun.
You could drag a pile of memories along through life.

That's like bringing lots of snacks on a trip."
"Well, don't complain to me if all that ends up weighing you down."
"It won't, you'll see.
But if it does get heavy, you can help carry a little."
"Stupid."
Then, Shiho suddenly heads toward the school.
She turns back.
"'And aaalll the cherry blossoms bloomed!'
Remember that?"
"Yeah,
that was a popular song back in the day."
This is a song about moving forward into the future step by step,
sometimes reminiscing about the past,
even as we grow older.
That song is just perfect for us right now.
桜の花が咲き乱れ
大きめの制服を着て
花びらの舞う校庭を
バックにして記念写真とったね
