（志保　追加イベント２）
（朝、いきなりこのイベントからスタート）
"*yaaawn*"
As I walk, I can't help but yawn.
「今日も<name>ちゃん、眠そうだね」
Akari smiles.
Last night I watched TV past 3 am and almost overslept. Thankfully,
Akari came to my rescue.
Of course I was tired.
「ったりめえだろ。
お前が起こしに来てくれなかったら、まだベッドの中だ」
"Hehehe.
I'm glad we found her mom."
"Personally, I might've preferred sleeping."
"That wouldn't have been a good idea."
"I know."
We are approaching the hill when...
"Good morning, you two!"
Shiho runs up past us.
"Good morning, Shiho."
"Hey."
Shiho stares at us.
"Hmm, if you're with her, I'm guessing you overslept again."
She sounds awfully confident in her assessment.
I'm almost offended.
"What? Are you making fun of me?"
"No, not at all."
She waves her hand, denying it.
「いい幼馴染を持って、幸せじゃないのよ。
でもさ、あんたももっとしっかりしないと、愛想尽かされちゃうわよ」
"Worry about yourself. I don't ask Akari to help me like this. You
can't tell me to get it together because of what she's choosing to
do."
"You hear that, Akari? This slacker doesn't appreciate you."
She speaks in an exaggerated fashion, as if this somehow involves
her.
Well, excuse me for being a slacker.
「ま、まあ、<name>ちゃんは昔からこうだし…」
"Geez, you have to be harder on him or you'll be looking after him
forever."
"I don't think Akari wants you sticking your nose in her business
either."
"Shut up, I'm just offering advice!"
"You're just arguing for the sake of arguing."
"You complain about everything I say and do. What's that about?
Don't tell me it's because you're into me."
Shiho is half-teasing this time.
"You can't just say that!"
I'm trying to think of a comeback when...
「まあまあ、ふたりとも」
Akari intervenes.
It always goes like this.
"Look, see how Akari's always looking after us? Girls this nice are
a rare breed nowadays."
"What are you talking about now?"
That comment is a break from the usual pattern.
"You're acting weird today, Shiho."
I notice something is off before Akari says anything.
I feel like she's making an effort to talk up Akari.
"Oh? Now that you mention it, I am acting weird. Ahaha."
Even she seems to notice. Then, it's like she tries to play off her
awkwardness.
"We have no response to that.
"Well, apparently I'm being weird today, so I'll be going!"
She turns around and hurries up the hill.
"Was that a bad omen?"
「さあ…」
After being left behind by Shiho, all Akari and I can do is look at
each other.
