（志保　好感度イベントＰＳ）
It's almost time for me and Shiho to meet up.
Maybe I should get going.
She's annoying when I'm late.
I arrive at the station five minutes early.
It seems like I avoided any complaining, at least.
"Hey, <name>!"
"Huh?
Oh, it's you."
"You're late."
"No I'm not.
Look, I'm five minutes early."
I point to the station's clock.
"I got here fifteen minutes ago."
"Probably just because the train was early."
"Nope, if a train happened to leave early, it'd be bad for everyone."
"Can you just not do this tedious quibbling?"
"I'd prefer if you called it fun quibbling."
Shiho usually arrives after whenever we agreed to meet.
According to her, it's a strategy to draw more attention to herself.
Well, she's right that trains have to run on time, so she presumably made it as intended.
"Whatever, I'm just surprised you actually came when you said you would for once.
My bad."
"Apologizing? How polite of you."
"I always am."
After our usual exchange, we board the train departing at 10:06.
・
・
・
We travel for about an hour, changing trains once.
After ten minutes of walking from the station, we reach our destination: The Solar System Tour.
The inside of the building looks like something out of a sci-fi movie.
It's like we're in the future.
"<nick>, looks like we need to complete boarding procedures."
"S-Sure."
Shiho talks like we were in a sci-fi story too.
・
・
・
Some time after we board the shuttle, it's finally time for takeoff.
"We're gonna go to space."
Shiho is seated by the window.
"Nah.
They're just playing an animation outside the window, right?"
"Can't you use your imagination?"
Eventually, the seats start to vibrate.
An announcement tells us that the engine is about to start up.
"Oooh!"
The shuttle begins to accelerate, pushing my body against the seat.
Damn.
We have to be inside the building, so how are they doing this?!
I can't figure it out. The scenery outside the windows disappears beneath us, telling us that the shuttle has taken off.
A full moon is in the night sky.
"Wooow, look, <nick>.
Where do you think that is?"
Shiho points down at the world below.
"Thank you for choosing to fly with United Space Airlines.
This shuttle will soon leave the atmosphere and fly at sub-light speed to Venus, its first destination."
When the announcement concludes, we see the blue horizon out the window.
"Look!

Planet Earth is blue."
"Wow..."
"You can see so many stars!"
The stars are clear and bright in the sky.
I've never seen that many stars before.
I peer down through the window and faintly see the light of a city in some unknown country.
Looking at the horizon, it seems like morning would come soon.
"…"
I'm speechless.
Earth is pretty beautiful from this vantage point.
The world 'beautiful' is probably meant precisely for times like these.
As I think to myself, the shuttle flies through the night and arrives in the day.
Black shutters suddenly lower over the windows.
The shutters are just tinted like sunglasses, so we can still see outside.
"The sun will soon be in sight.
The solar rays are far stronger here than on Earth, so please don't look directly at the sun unless it's through the tinted windows."
Following that announcement, the sun's gleaming light appears from behind the Earth.
Even with the shutters, it's blinding.
Looking at this too long might actually wreck my eyes.
"The shuttle is now reaching sub-light speed.
There will be some shaking when inertia dissipates,so please check your seatbelts."
A few moments after the announcement, the scenery suddenly changes.
The stars in the sky gradually gather before us.
The farthest stars are red, turning yellow as we advance, then green, and finally blue.
It's like a rainbow.
"The shuttle has reached sub-light speed.
We are currently flying at 650,000,000 miles per hour.
The distorted scenery you're seeing is a phenomenoncalled a starbow that occurs at sub-light speed."
"650,000,000 miles per hour?
Is that a joke?"
An F1 racer maxes out at around two-hundred miles per hour.
650,000,000 is incomprehensible!
"Isn't it amazing?"
"At this speed...
How many minutes to Osaka?"
"I dunno,

maybe one?"
"Seriously?
Actually calculate it."
"You do it."
We argue for a couple of minutes until...
"Thank you for waiting.
To the lower right you can see Venus, the second planet in the Solar System.
Venus is also known as the morning star, and it's…"
Eventually, the scenery returns to normal and an announcement plays.
Shiho and I peer out the window.
"Oh, look at that."
Opposite the glaring sun, we can see a pale yellow planet.
That's Venus?
"Covered in thick clouds of sulfuric acid, it's impossible to see the planet's surface.
The atmosphere is primarily composed of carbon dioxide. The surface has a high atmospheric pressure of 90 bar and temperature of 870 degrees Fahrenheit. No life is known to inhabit Venus."
"You hear that?"
"With all the carbon dioxide and 870 degree temperature, I'd figured as much."
I can't take my eyes off it.
Even if it's all just clouds, it's so massive and unusual that I have to look.
We gaze in silence.
"The shuttle will now leave Venus and head to Mars, its next destination.
There may be some shaking when we enter sub-light speed, so be careful."
The scenery turns to rainbows again.
"Sounds like Mars is next."
"This is so cool that I don't know what to say."
"Weird to think that's the same morning star we can see from Earth."
"Yeah.
I wonder if all the planets we'll see are gonna be like that."
"Maybe."
Five minutes later, the regular scenery returns and we are informed that we have left sub-light speed.
"What you see ahead of us is Mars,the fourth planet in the Solar System."
"Oh, this one's red."
I look forward and see a red planet, as Shiho said.
That's Mars...
"The lower part is white though. Does it snow or what?"
"Mars has a thin atmosphere, about 1/150th that of Earth's.
It's primarily composed of carbon dioxide,and the average temperature is -60 degrees.
It has four seasons like Earth does,with summers reaching a high of sixty degrees.
The white that you see at the south pole is ice, including dry ice."
"I knew it was snow."
"It's like a fridge."
"In one minute we will pass Phobos, one of the moons of Mars.
Look to your right."
The people on the left side gather over on the right.
We wait with bated breath for a minute.
"Oh, there it is."
We approach something small and white.
Is that the moon?
"What you're now seeing is Phobos.
It's 125,000 miles from the shuttle,traveling at a relative velocity of 56,000 miles per hour."
Everyone watches as the potato-like object slowly drifts by.
I can't see how it's moving at 56,000 miles per hour.
"Phobos is shaped like an egg, with its longest diameter being about seventeen miles. It completes a revolution every eight hours."
"All these numbers are too big to really comprehend."
It just looks to me like I'm watching a nearby pebble pass by.
"Doesn't look as big as they're saying."
Shiho seems to think so too.
"The shuttle will now leave Mars and head to Saturn.
Saturn is so distant that it will take two hours to reach at sub-light speed, so please wait in the lounge or restaurant until we arrive."
Shiho and I sit in our seats.
"Hey, do we seriously have to wait two hours?"
"Yep.
Apparently they can actually warp, but for the all-nighters, they go slow on purpose and let the guests enjoy themselves."
"What's there to enjoy? Looking at rainbows for two hours?"
"Oh, don't you know there's a restaurant and stuff down below?

We can kill plenty of time."
"Maybe I'll just sleep."
"Oh no, you're not.
What would I do?"
"You could sleep too."
"That's dumb.
It's like if you paid to see a movie and just slept in the theater."
"Shut up, I don't care if it's dumb.
I'll sleep when I'm tired.
I can hang out with you until I fall asleep."
"I'll just keep you from falling asleep then."
"Seriously?
Could you not?"
"Nope,
you were fated to stay up when you decided to come with me."
"Man..."
"The shuttle has entered sub-light speed and is on its way to Saturn.
You're free to do what you like until we arrive."
"Alright, free time.
Let's head on down."
"Sure, whatever."
We head down to the lounge and order drinks at the bar.
Then, we stand by the window and talk, glasses in hand.
"Why juice?"
"Can't get anything alcoholic till I'm twenty,
right?"
"Yeah, obviously. I know that."
"Hey, look at the starbow or whatever.
Isn't it pretty?"
"Wow, it really is!
Wait, you're trying to distract me."
"So what now?"
"Let's have a toast."
"A toast to what?"
"The shining stars."
"What the hell?"
"Just do it. Cheers!"
"…"
*clink*
I don't see the point, but we have a toast.
"It sure is quiet."
"Yeah."
The lounge is dimly lit with jazz playing at a low volume.
While I don't share all of Shiho's opinions, I do appreciate the atmosphere.
As I'm thinking that...
"Just you and me in a sea of stars..."
Intoxicated by the mood, Shiho starts going off about some nonsense.
"We're far from the only people here."
"Couples are having toasts..."
"What couples?"
"Isn't it romantic?"
"Ugh, I can't believe I'm hearing that word out of your mouth."
"You've been arguing a lot.
　
Are you drunk already?"
"Moron."
But this isn't really the place to argue.
We go silent.
・
・
・
I feel like saying something when...
"Hey."
Shiho speaks up.
"What?"
"Do you have a crush on anyone?"
"Huh?"
This isn't alcohol, is it?
"I'm not drunk.
I'm serious."
"You've been on this topic a lot lately."
"Is that a problem?
I just wanna know."
In a somewhat disinterested tone, I say...
"Not really, no."
"Hmm…"
She sounds so disinterested that I might as well have just commented on the weather.
"What about you?"
"Me?

I don't think so."
"How are you not sure?"
"It's all just a pain."
"What is?
Falling in love?"
"It's not just about love or hate.
I think guys and girls can get together without any of that."
"I'm not sure I understand."
"Why not?
　
Like, I'm not here with you because I love you or anything."
"Of course not."
"And if I did love you, I'm sure I'd also be here.

So what's the difference?"
"Stupid,
there's a huge difference between friends and a couple."
"Oh,

how so?
You just feel differently about them."
"It's not just a feeling.
It's all different."
"Isn't that just based on what standards you have for them?"
"I don't get what you're saying."
"What's your problem? It's not like you love anyone."
"That's beside the point."
"How about you get yourself a girlfriend before you start lecturing me?"
"That won't be happening any time soon."
"Then you don't know what you're talking about."
Shiho smiles like she's planning something.
"What are you smiling about?"
"Oh, nothing!"
"You're weirding me out."
We only half pay attention to the rest of the planets, continuing our debate on romance for the remainder of the tour.
I learn that we really are like oil and water.
And that Shiho has no interest in romance herself, but still wanted to meddle in my own, I guess.
Shiho claims to have no interest in romance, but that was contradicted by the fact that she brought up the subject.
What would her ideal boyfriend be like?
I had to wonder.
