（志保　好感度イベントＰＳ）
（選択肢　いいぜ）
"Don't know where you plan to split up,
but sure."
"Alright,
then let's go!"
Shiho and I make small talk until we got to the station.
"Oh, look."
I look where she pointed. There's a guy with a guitar playing some song I'd never heard.
Performers like this are common at train stations and other places where large crowds come and go.
"What about him?"
"I'm gonna go over there for a bit. You wait here."
Shiho walks over to the guy with the guitar.
"Hey, are you just gonna listen to his song?"
"No,
I'm gonna see if he'll let me sing."
"Wha?"
Let her sing?
Is she actually going to sing here?!
I watch with astonishment as Shiho starts to talk to him.
Look at that. You're just annoying him.
Oh… He's taking a book out of his bag.
He's flipping through the pages...
and leaving it open at his feet...
Ugh, Shiho's waving at me.
So he's okay with this?
"I'm Shiho Nagaoka.
I'll be singing for you!"
So it begins...
Shiho's Song
I can't tell what song he's playing from the prelude, but with Shiho's singing, I finally recognize it.
I believe it's called
"Toward
Our
Tomorrows."
Hitting us with a slow one, huh?
Oh man, she's singing...
A street performance wouldn't normally stand out much, but it's a different story when the singing is being done by a schoolgirl in uniform.
Plus, if her voice can travel this far without even a microphone, it'll draw people easily.
A few people stop to watch out of curiosity, and a decent crowd eventually forms.
The crowd isn't just watching because the performance is unusual.
They're there because Shiho's voice is good enough to bother listening to.
As much as I hate to admit it, Shiho is a phenomenal singer.
Maybe she could even make it as an idol.
"Let's do another!"
Pleased with her performance, Shiho urges the guy on.
That fool!
"Hey, Shiho."
I frantically ran over.
"What?
　
You wanna sing too?"
"Hell no.
You can do this if you're alone, but remember that I'm here too."
She's just making me wait for her.
"Then you can sing with me."
"I'm not doing that."
"You just don't get it."
"No, you don't.
Unlike you, I'm not good enough that anyone would want to hear me sing."
"Oh, you have a point.
I didn't think about that."
"Then there you go.
You can keep singing here or head home, it's up to you.
I'm heading home either way."
"Wh-What the heck?
It'd be a downer if you left."
"Then you know what to do."
Shiho sighs and turns back to the man.
"Sorry,
but my friend's telling me to get moving.
Thanks!"
She waves.
The man says he'd be willing to play for her any time and waves back.
"I only got through one song, but that was nice."
"I'm glad you had fun."
"I could do that every day@"
"You've always had something that makes you stand out.
Maybe it's star power."
"Maybe."
"You know what?
I guarantee you'll be famous one day."
"Uh-huh, if you say so.
Let me guess, you're just trying to get me to buy you YacDonald's."
"What, you'd really treat me?"
"Don't be silly.
I don't need your guarantee. I know I have a future."
"Wow, somebody's confident."
"You can call it my Shiho Spirit."
"A spirit?
Are you being haunted?"
"Not that kind of spirit, stupid."
"It's a joke.
Either way, your baseless confidence scares me."
"What the heck?

Don't try to be funnier than me."
"That's a low bar to meet anyway."
The arguing continues until we part ways at the train station ticket gates.
