（志保　回数イベント　ＰＳ）
（選択肢　声をかける）
"Hey, if it isn't Shiho."
"Oh, <nick>."
"Found the manga you were looking for?"
"Hey,
you're gonna make people think I only read manga."
"Am I wrong?"
"I swear...
Looks like I'll have to explain just how much of an intellectual I am."
"You really don't have to do that."
"Like, do you know what book I'm reading here?"
"Probably manga.
It's Wednesday, so I'm guessing it's a special issue."
"Wrong!

Are you even paying attention?"
"Huh?"
"What member of the intelligentsia reads manga?"
"Are you saying nobody smart reads manga?
That's pretty biased."
"Hmmm,
I guess there's some manga that smart people read."
"Ugh…
So what does an intellectual like yourself read?"
According to Shiho,
"New discoveries are being reported day and night.
These are published in scientific journals that deal with cutting-edge technology.

To prepare for the new century, we need to befriend science!"
…and with a dramatic pose, she delivered her speech.
"You had that spiel prepared already, didn't you?"
"Yep."
"So what's been discovered?"
"Not much.
At least of anything that'll ever be useful to the two of us."
"Hey, all that buildup and you've got nothing?"
"Well,
digging through the pile of useless garbage to learn something worthwhile is my mission."
"Sounds like quite the mission."
"And what I've found is meteor showers."
"Meteor showers?
The hell?"
"It's when meteors fall to the Earth like rain.
Interesting, huh?"
"Sounds like that'd be pretty wild."
The meteors would leave my house full of holes.
"That's what a layman might think."
"Well, I am a layman."
"A falling meteor is a big deal.
"If it's just like, 'Look, a meteor...
Zooooom, baaang!'
then that kind of ruins the mood."
"Okay, just stop shouting."
Her screaming in the middle of the street is giving me second-hand embarrassment.
"The meteors burn up on the way down, so couples can have a romantic time looking up and watching."
"Alright, cool.
So you can see a bunch of these romantic meteors then."
"So you finally get it."
"You could've just said that to begin with."
"There's supposed to be a meteor shower next month."
"Huh."
"You wanna check it out,

right?"
A. Sure.
B. Not interested.
C. I don't care.
