（葵との出会い　イント
ロ）
（４月１０日（水）の昼休み）
（渡り廊下）
Our morning classes are over, and it's time for lunch.
Masashi and I are heading to the student store in the cafeteria to buy sandwiches when…
"The goal is to research and develop new martial arts moves as we learn."
I hear someone talking from across the hall.
I stop and look to see what's going on. A number of girls are gathered in a circle.
In the middle of the circle is a girl with short, boyish hair who is passionately rambling to them about martial arts and such.
What's everyone doing?
Is a club looking for new members?
"What's up, <name>?"
Masashi stops walking and asks me.
"Mm, oh, that."
"The crowd?"
"Yeah, seems like a club's recruiting."
"There's a lot to gain from learning martial arts.
The greatest joy to come from it, I'd say, is the sense of growing stronger every day.
When you're training hard on a daily basis, you push your body and mind further than they've ever gone before!"
The girl argues in favor of martial arts with earnest enthusiasm.
But the girls around her just seem to be amused.
They giggle and, occasionally...
"Oh gosh, I can smell the sweat from here!"
I hear some of them mocking her.
However, the girl with short hair keeps fervently speaking.
"Since it's a club, I'd like to put aside any need for strict etiquette or stuffy ideals and just make it casual.
I think it's best to start with actually working out and learning how deep and fun martial arts can be.
The more mental aspects should be left to learn later as part of getting stronger."
"Hey, so..."
One of the girls speaks up.
"Yes?"
"You're actually punching and kicking and stuff, right?"
"Oh, well, it is martial arts, yes."
"Geez, isn't that dangerous?"
"Um, we do wear gloves and headgear and such when we spar, so it's not that dangerous."
"So is there, like, exercising too?"
"What?"
"Are there showers we can use when we're done?"
"Oh, um, we don't have a club room yet, so..."
"Wow, then what are you supposed to do when you get sweaty?"
"Are there uniforms we can change into?"
"Do you have an advisor?"
"What's your budget?"
"Uh, um…"
Questions are fired off as if from a machine gun, overwhelming the girl.
I feel kind of bad for her.
"Looks like club recruitment is in full swing."
"Yeah."
Ever since the orientation that introduced the various after school clubs, a number of their representatives have been giving speeches around school during breaks to try and draw in new members.
The big clubs make it flashy, and the small clubs come up with ideas to compete with them, all in an effort to find new blood.
"It sounded like that was a martial arts club. Is it connected with the Karate or Judo club or what?"
"Well, sounded like a smaller club, so it's probably something else.
And from what I'm hearing, they actually fight."
"Aren't you into martial arts, <name>?"
"Huh?
I mean, I like them alright,
but I wouldn't say I love them.
Why do you ask?"
When I ask that, Masashi gives me a slightly annoyed look.
"Don't you remember when we were in middle school and you were always trying pro wrestling moves on me?"
"Oh, that was just…"
I shut myself up before saying any more.
I was going to say I was just screwing around with him.
"B-But that short-haired girl..."
I change the subject.
"She's pretty into this.
She's been going on and on about martial arts for a while."
"Yeah,
small clubs get their funding based on the number of members they have,
so they're all desperate."
"Doesn't seem like anyone's taking her seriously though. It's kind of sad."
"Oh!"
Masashi suddenly yelps.
"Wh-What?"
"We need to hurry before they sell out!"
Oh right, we were going to buy lunch.
The fight over sandwiches at the student store is a violent one.
If you want to get anything good, you have to get running as soon as the bell rings.
Man, we'd wasted a lot of time.
"Let's hurry."
Masashi urges, about to take off.
I…
A. I was curious about that girl.
B. Oh yeah, they'll run out of pork cutlet sandwiches!
