（葵との出会い　イントロ２）
（選択肢を選んだあと）
（渡り廊下　雅史立ち）
Lunch is important, but I'm more interested in what the girl has to say.
"Sorry, Masashi,
but you go on ahead and buy a pork cutlet sandwich and some sausage rolls for me."
"What?"
"I'll pay you back later.
A pork cutlet sandwich and some sausage rolls, got it? I'm counting on you."
I pat Masashi on the back, then head into the crowd.
"Hey, <name>…"
The girl's passionate speech is still going on.
"Modern martial arts competitions don't merely come down to strength.
There are rules and strategies.
It's a clash of refined and highly advanced techniques.
The simple goal of defeating the opponent leads to the most complex of matches."
As she talks about the appeal of martial arts, she gets more and more heated, almost seeming to enter her own world.
"We throw all martial arts under one umbrella now, but there are actually many varieties.
I think the major ones would be Judo, Karate, and boxing, but there are countless more.

Even if we limited ourselves to Japan, we could probably categorize Sumo as a martial art, and there's also Aikido, and Nippon Kempo.
There have also been many unique styles branching off from pro wrestling and boxing in recent years.

And if we look internationally, there are many more martial arts.
China has Tai Chi and Xingyi, Korea has Taekwondo, Thailand has Muay Thai, Russia has Sambo, Brazil has Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu… If you include every minor form of martial art, there are as many as there are stars in the sky.
　
The world of martial arts has this many schools, but they're actually all separate, and they could never appear on the same stage.
　
But…

A few years ago, the Vale Tudo form of martial arts in America founded the Ultimate Tournament, and that started to give attention to mixed martial arts, which removes these divisions.
That was the start of a new era for martial arts!"
The girl is now completely going off on her own, with none of the crowd following her anymore.
One person leaves, then another.
Eventually, I'm the only one remaining.
"And this international craze is finally hitting Japanese high schools.
It doesn't seem to be well known by the general public yet, but last year, there was what we could consider our international mixed martial arts championship, the Ext--…"
Ext?
What was she about to say?
The girl stops and looks around.
"Wh-What?!"
"Everybody left."
"Huh?"
She slowly looks around again before finally sighing and hanging her head low in disappointment.
"Ugh…"
Then, she mutters.
"Nobody listened again…"
"…"
"Maybe I'm just bad at recruiting people."
The girl keeps slumping her shoulders and murmuring.
"I'll never catch up with Ayaka at this rate."
"…"
"…"
"…"
Some time later…
"Uh, um…
What is it?"
The girl looks up.
"I was waiting for you to keep talking."
"Keep talking?"
"You stopped in the middle of saying something right? Ext-something?"
"Ext…
　
Oh, Extreme?"
"Yeah, that."
"Oh, um, Extreme is…"
She's about to continue, but stops herself for some reason.
"Um, may I ask something?"
"What?"
"Were you listening to everything I just said?"
"Oh, well, I got here in the middle of it.
I happened to be passing by and thought it sounded interesting."
"Oh, you're interested?!"
The girl instantly brightens up.
"Do you like martial arts?!"
"Hmmm, well, I guess you could say that."
"Really?!"
She opens her eyes wide.
"I mean, I don't know much about them.
I just watch wrestling and stuff sometimes."
"Oh, that's plenty!"
"What about you?
Seems like you're way more into it than I am."
The girl firmly nods.
"Yes!
　
I love it!"
Her slightly tomboyish smile is pure and bright.
"Researching different techniques and practicing them over and over until I've perfected them gives me a joy I can't describe in words.
Those are the times when I'm most thankful that I practice martial arts."
She gazes straight at me and leans in, emphasizing each word.
It's kind of overwhelming.
"So your club does actually do martial arts, right?"
"What?"
"Well, it's just that a martial arts club could either do or watch martial arts, and there's a pretty big difference between the two."
"Oh, yes, right.
This club does martial arts.
We fight each other."
"Huh…"
I'd understand if it was some tough guy looking for a place to let off some steam, but this petite girl?
It's unusual to be sure.
"Um, I'm sorry, what's your name?"
"Oh, me?
I'm <family> <name>, a junior.
What's your name?"
"Oh, I'm…"
She clears her throat and stands up straight before giving an enthusiastic introduction.
"I'm a freshman in Class C, my name is Matsubara
Aoi
Aoi
I'm new here."
She bows with perfect posture.
Girls this polite are rare nowadays.
"Oh, right, you wanted to know about Extreme?"
"Yeah."
"Extreme is a national mixed martial arts championship that was first held last year."
"A national...
championship?"
"Last year's matches were even broadcast on TV, and now they've been released on video.
Have you heard of it?"
"No, never."
"Hmm, it's pretty big in the martial arts scene, but maybe most people don't know about it yet."
"So...
what kind of martial arts tournament is it?"
"What?"
Aoi looks puzzled.
"I mean what style of martial arts do they fight with at Extreme?"
"Oh, I'm sorry, that's important. I forgot to explain that part."
Aoi clears her throat.
"Extreme is for mixed martial arts."
"Mixed martial arts?"
"Yes,
anything goes. Strikes, throws, joint locks, anything."
"Ohhh..."
"These are the general rules."
Each match lasts up to five minutes.
Competitors must wear the urethane knuckles and leg guards which are provided by the tournament.
A KO or TKO is a loss.
No using your elbows or forehead.
No striking the opponent's face with your knees.
No striking the opponent when they're down.
No attacking the opponent's eyes or any similar moves that could endanger the opponent.
And the referee won't call any breaks unless one fighter has the other pinned down.
"Keeping the danger to a minimum while calling on all varieties of techniques is what Extreme is about!"
"Ooh!"
In that moment,
flames almost seem to ignite and blaze behind Aoi.
"So are you part of any clubs?"
Aoi's question is abrupt.
"What?
No, not really."
I answer honestly.
And then...
"Really?"
Aoi's face brightens even further.
"Th-Then if you're interested…"
She takes a step closer.
"Would you like to join this club and learn martial arts with me?!"
Her eyes shine.
"M-Martial arts? Me?"
"Yes!"
She nods.
"I'm trying to start a new club with the goal of participating in Extreme.
But I don't have enough members to get the school's approval yet.
That's why I've been looking for people interested in martial arts!"
"H-Hold on a sec!
I've never done any real martial arts."
"That's fine.
I can teach you the basics, if you'd like.
I've actually been practicing at a karate dojo since I was little."
"That's not the problem."
I mutter.
"Um, you're the first person who actually listened to me. I…"
"I-I was just kind of curious."
I awkwardly smile.
"You seem really interested in martial arts yourself. It'd be great to have you in the club."
Oh man...
"I dunno, this is pretty sudden."
"We can just have fun with it starting off. Just come to one of our practice sessions."
Aoi's desperate.
"We can't use a club room or the gym yet, but we practice at the shrine behind the school after class every day except Monday and Wednesday."
"There?"
"You can just observe at first. Please!"
Aoi bows deeply.
Even after all this begging, though...
I can tell she cares a lot, but there's no way I can do martial arts.
And trying to take this club to a national championship sounded insanely ambitious.
Everyone else in the club must be hardcore too.
How should I respond?
A. Well, I'll at least observe.
B. Maybe if I feel like it.
C. Sorry, but I can't.
