пјҲи‘өгҖҖж—Ҙд»ҳгӮӨгғҷгғігғҲпј•пјү
пјҲпјіпјЈпј®пјҗпј•пј‘пј’гӮ’иҰӢгҒҰгҒ„гӮӢе ҙеҗҲпјү
пјҲпј•жңҲпј‘ж—ҘгҖҒпј’ж—ҘгҒ«гӮҜгғ©гғ–гҒ«иЎҢгҒҸгҒЁзҷәз”ҹпјү
Alright, time to head over to the school club.
Aoi didn't quite seem like herself the other day.
She suddenly showed up at my house and asked if I had any intention of staying in the martial arts club.
I answered truthfully because that's what she insisted. With all things considered, I felt like I was enjoying myself.
Aoi thanked me after that.
And she also apologized...
Had she actually come to tell me something important?
Alright, I'll ask her about that today.
I go to the shrine and find Aoi there.
She is alone, crouched on the stairs, deep in thought.
Odd.
Usually she'd already be training, alone or not.
I guess sometimes she needs a moment to think.
Or maybe she's not feeling well.
"Yo!"
I call out to her in my usual tone.
Aoi hears me and stands up.
"...Oh, hi."
"Hey!
Early as usual, eh?
You haven't started training yet?"
I say as I put my bag down off to the side.
"вҖҰ"
Aoi smiles with a conflicted look on her face.
It's a remorseful smile with a hint of sadness somewhere in there.
"Hey, what's up?"
"вҖҰ"
"After a short pauseвҖ”
"Senpai..."
Aoi looks solemn.
"What is it?"
"...Um, I'm going to say something selfish right now."
"Selfish?"
"Yes.
wellвҖҰ I've actually decided to shut down the club as of today."
"What?!"
I can't believe her sudden announcement.
"Sh-Shut down? H-Hold up...
What brought this about?"
Aoi looks down to avoid my gaze.
"...I completely understand you getting angry at me for being so selfish,
but I thought long and hard to come to this decision."
"вҖҰ"
"...I'm thinking of following Sakashita's advice and joining the Karate Club."
"What about Extreme?
What about your dreams of following in your idol's footsteps?"
Aoi continues to look down and slowly shakes her head.
Then, in small voiceвҖ”
"вҖҰI'm no good."
She utters.
"I can't do this anymore.
I don't have the confidence...
to keep this club going."
"You don't have the confidence?"
"I honestly don't have confidence in myself either."
"Can I keep doing this forever? Should I listen to Yoshie and go back to practicing karate? Those kinds of questions always swirl in my brain."
That conversation I had with Aoi flashes in the back of my head.
So that's what she meant by lacking confidence that day...
"I actually fought a match against Sakashita yesterday."
Aoi says.
"What?!
Wh-Why didn't you tell me?"
"I'd actually gone to your place to tell you that on Monday night, but then I couldn't find the right moment to say it..."
"Wh-What's the deal with that?
Why didn't you tell me something so important?"
I knew she had a reason for coming all the way to my place.
"So how'd it go?"
"вҖҰ"
Aoi shakes her head and doesn't say a word.
"Did she...beat you?"
"...Yes."
She gives a little nod.
"She didn't just beat me, she absolutely annihilated me.
If I had to defend myself, I'd attribute my loss to being too nervous to properly execute all I had worked on in my training..."
"I see..."
So she lost to Sakashita.
"Maybe Sakashita is right. Maybe I am weaker now compared to when I was practicing karate.
My arms and legs don't move the way I want them to.
I never felt like I stood a chance during the fight. All I could think about was how fast I would lose."
If only I had been there.
If I had been there to cheer her on...
Would that have changed the result?
"That's when it occurred to me...
Maybe I've made the wrong decision.
I'm sure there's still so much I can learn from karate, yet I acted without thinking..."
Sakashita succeeded in proving her point.
She opened Aoi's eyes, just like she said she would.
All through a grand display of her overwhelming abilities.
"...So I'm sorry to say this,
but as of today, this club is no longer in operation.
Please forgive my selfish actions."
"вҖҰ"
I let out a little sigh.
"You founded this club on your own,
so you have the right to end it whenever you want."
She says.
"Senpai..."
Aoi mumbles woefully.
"You've already made up your mind, right?
I just gotta accept it.
I think it's more important that you follow the path you've chosen to take."
"вҖҰ"
"Tears begin to well up in Aoi's eyes.
"I'm so, so sorry..."
She squeezes her eyes shut and apologizes profusely.
"It's no big deal, really.
And it's not like this is our last farewell or something.
We get to see each other at school every day."
Aoi nods.
"I'm still here to cheer you on and that won't change.
If anything about karate ever weighs on your mind, you can always come to me."
I say with a smile.
"Senpai..."
Aoi rubs her eyes.
Then she looks at me with her red eyes and smiles.
"You're always so nice to me."
She says.
"Aw, shucks."
I scratch my nose in embarrassment, drawing a giggle from Aoi, still teary-eyed.
