（葵エンディング）
（坂下との試合に勝った後、クラブに行くと発生）
（水曜以外）
Okay, time for the martial arts club.
Aoi's fight against Sakashita sure was something.
Just thinking about it now gets me all worked up.
Aoi did such a good job.
After all of that hard work, I think Aoi's earned a day off practice today.
Maybe I'll invite her out somewhere.
I arrive at the shrine where she trains.
But looking around, Aoi is nowhere to be seen.
I'm sure the martial arts club is on today...
Right?
I guess I got here before she did.
I sit myself down in the hall and wait for Aoi.
"Whew..."
The sky's so blue.
I have no idea who or what is worshipped at this shrine.
I was kinda surprised when I first heard that club practice is held here, but now I'm totally used to it.
Thinking about it now after having some time to reflect, this place isn't so bad for club practice.
It's spacious, surrounded by nature, and the best part about it is that people don't come by, so it's quiet and calming.
It's still only a temporary practice spot, but I wouldn't mind if it became permanent.
Or maybe I only think that now because of the time of year.
A place indoors to practice would definitely be better during the wet rainy season or when it's freezing in winter.
That's why we need to get the school to recognize our club in an official capacity.
We should get access to a room and facilities once that happens.
The rules require a minimum of five people to be recognized as a club.
So we only need another three.
I mean, it's still surprisingly hard to find three whole people, though.
There are lots of people who like combative sports, but not a lot of them are interested in participating themselves.
They all run at the thought of it.
We could just recruit three random people to get approved, but Aoi isn't on board with that idea.
She wants to do things the right way and find members who will devote themselves in earnest.
That's totally an Aoi thing to say.
But where do we find new members?
I'm honestly not very optimistic.
However, I do like the idea of being promoted to official-club status and getting access to a room and facilities.
And I know we'll need that going forward.
On the other hand, the idea of not getting any alone time with Aoi if we have more members does make me kinda sad too.
I had selfishly thought that this was Aoi's and my club—no one else's.
Do we even need more members?
Perhaps I hadn't been proactive in recruiting members because of how I feel.
The only recruiting I had done was to help put up flyers in the hallway.
I do feel bad for not putting more effort in, especially when Aoi tried so hard to recruit new members, though...
"Good morning!"
Aoi arrives as I was lost in my thoughts.
She greets me in her usual cheery way.
She's as bright and cheerful as the sky is blue.
"Hey!"
I find myself smiling too.
All my thoughts go right out the window.
"You're early today."
"A thought came to me, so I made an effort to be early."
I manage to recover.
"What did you have in mind?"
"What do you say we skip practice today and you come with me somewhere?"
"What?"
"I wanna celebrate your win against Sakashita."
"A celebration? For that fight the other day?"
"Yup."
"That was just a practice fight...
It certainly doesn't warrant any celebration..."
"You beat THE Sakashita. She's known across tournaments in this area.
I'm sure you know just how impressive it is to beat her."
"Well, yes, but…"
"No buts.
Let's celebrate."
"…"
"Well, my intention is to ask you out somewhere,
but am I being too pushy?"
"N-No, not at all!"
Aoi fumbles to reassure me.
"Really? Then let's go somewhere!
You've been training so hard lately,
so I think you deserve a break."
"Perhaps you're right."
"Great! Then let's head off ASAP.
Time's a-ticking!"
I give her a quick pat on the shoulders.
"Yes, okay!"
Aoi responds with a smile.
I bring Aoi out to the street from the shrine.
"Where should we go?"
I ask.
"What?"
Aoi frowns at the sudden question.
She has only ever known martial arts and has never spent time "hanging out" before.
"Let's go somewhere you wanna go, today."
"Um..."
After much deliberation—
"Would it be terrible if I...
left that to you to decide?"
She smiles bashfully.
I'd made a promise the other day, so I thought a movie might be good, but it'd end up getting late if we did that... So let's pass on the movie.
Heading to karaoke somewhere close could be fun, but Aoi doesn't seem keen... So not that.
We end up deciding to hit up the arcade near the station.
It would've been nice to hear Aoi sing, though.
Oh well.
Aoi doesn't seem like the type to be good at video games, so I opt for claw machines and bigger games that are more physical.
We have some fun and as time passes, we start to get hungry and decide to drop by a fast-food joint.
We order the same meal and go up to sit on the second floor.
"Do you come to restaurants like this often?"
"Sometimes. When hunger strikes.
What about you?"
"Almost never."
Aoi smiles bashfully.
Come to think of it, she did seem like a lost deer when we picked up our trays.
"All fast-food places in general?"
"Yes. I very rarely eat out."
"That's not something you hear every day."
"Is that weird?

It must be..."
"No, I don't think it's weird.
You never drop by on the way home from school or with friends?"
"The rules were really strict at my middle school,
and they generally prohibited going to any restaurants."
"Oh, I see.
You were still a middle-schooler until just recently."
"Correct."
"Then I think that's pretty normal. 
I didn't really go during middle school either.
Not really enough pocket money, you know?"
"Absolutely. I spend most of my pocket money on my hobbies."
"Like combative sports?"
"W-Well, um, yes..."
Aoi smiles sheepishly.
"You really are outta this world, Aoi."
"Huh?

What do you mean?"
"I'm talking about the strength of your punches."
"Oh..."
I was referring to when we were at the arcade.
There's a boxing machine that measures the power of your punches, so Aoi and I give it a shot.
We both hit for 135 kilograms.
I'm surprised that we get the exact same number, but also at the fact that a girl like Aoi manages to punch so hard.
Masashi only gets 90 kilograms when he does it, and Shiho doesn't even reach 60.
"Where does that tiny body of yours muster up so much strength?"
"It's not about strength, but rather skill."
Aoi says, though somewhat bashfully.
"That machine only measures the weight of your punch, so you only score well if you put your weight behind the punch."
"Put your weight behind the punch? That sounds complicated."
"It's about punching by rotating your hips, rather than merely the force of your arm.
I suppose it's rather like punching with your shoulders.
Doing so will force your hips to turn as you punch."
"I see... Punch with the shoulders."
I practice what Aoi explained.
"You pick things up quickly and you have explosive strength, so I believe you can score higher if you practice."
"Seriously?
Sweet!"
"Now that I have more time, I'll spend some of it teaching you."
"Ooh, I like the sound of that!
Please and thanks!"
"Of course."
We both smile and sip our cold colas.
"But I do need to work harder myself too."
Aoi says as she pulls the straw out of her mouth.
"It's time to get into proper practice-mode for Extreme."
"Yes."
"When was it again? In the fall?"
"Correct."
"It's six months away, but that'll probably fly by in a flash."
"Indeed.
I would like to do all that I can until then."
Aoi stares at the table with a serious look in her eyes.
"I wouldn't be so trite as to aim for victory as a freshman student entering for the first time...
But I at least want to ensure that I don't disappoint Ayaka."
"That makes sense…"
I nod, take a sip of my cola, and then remember what Ayaka said to me as she left the other day.
"Today's match was amazing,
as expected of an underclassman who trained with me.
I knew I saw potential in you.
You have to acknowledge the value of Extreme, even if only a little, Yoshie."
"H-Hmph..."
"And you've gotten so strong, Aoi.
Watching today's fight has lit the fire that's been dormant in me for so long.
I'll be your opponent next time...
On the Extreme stage, that is."
"A-Ayaka..."
"Keep up the good work and continue to grow stronger.
I'm looking forward to our fight."
Genuine or not, Ayaka announced Aoi as her rival, just like that.
"What Ayaka said to me that day made me overjoyed,
but..."
"But?"
"It also placed some pressure on me..."
"Geez, again?"
I chuckle.
"Ayaka is who I aspire to be.
I've always looked up to her…
yet now I've suddenly become her rival…"
"It just proves how strong you are."
"That's really not the case..."
"Ayaka said something similar during your fight, too."
"Yeah.
She's always had a knack for combative sports, is a dedicated learner, and is the type to not shy away from hard work.
She's a little lacking in terms of strength, if anything…"
"At this rate, she'll continue to get stronger and...
might even surpass me."
"…Those were Ayaka's words."
"Wait,
really?"
"Really."
I nod.
"Ayaka said that?"
Aoi mutters with a look of disbelief on her face.
"The fact remains that you defeated Sakashita.
That's proof of your abilities."
"Well...
I'm not so sure about that."
She looks down slightly.
"What do you mean?"
"In combative sports centered on striking, a fight can be decided by a single lucky hit.
Abilities don't always translate into the match.
The same can't be said about grappling fights, however…"
"So you're saying you didn't win that fight through your skills?"
"Correct.
Towards the end of the match when Yoshie had me on the ropes…"
"Oh…"
"I believe...
that I actually lost the match then."
"You lost?
How so?"
"I could have been knocked out at any moment then.
I couldn't see Yoshie's moves coming, and my blocks were too slow. I thought I had lost."
"But you ended up landing the perfect counterattack, no?"
"Yes,
out of sheer luck."
"Luck?"
"Yes. That counterattack..."
Aoi pauses for a moment and then looks up towards me.
"I have you to thank for it."
She says in a slightly embarrassed manner.
"Me?"
"Yes."
She nods emphatically.
"At that very moment…
Just as Yoshie took that big step to finish me off, you yelled out my name, remember?"
"I did?"
"You screamed my name in the loudest voice."
Ack.
Sh-She heard me?
"Oh, d-did I?"
I try to act clueless.
"Yes, I'm quite sure I heard you."
"…"
How embarrassing.
"My mind had already gone completely blank then, yet I still had the resolve to not allow myself to lose...
That's when I heard it...
Your voice."
"…"
"My body reacted to your voice.
It aimed for the smallest of gaps leading to Yoshie's body, moving without me even realizing it."
"The Beng Quan move."
"Yes."
Aoi nods.
"If you hadn't called out to me, I would have been knocked out by Yoshie right there and then. No doubt about it."
"Really…?"
I was so absorbed in the match that I didn't realize I'd called out to her. I guess it worked out, though.
Thank goodness for that.
"I only won due to a fortunate chain of events.
I actually should have lost that fight..."
"But you won, right?
You managed to come back and win a fight you should have lost—that's a true show of your abilities."
"Oh, um..."
"Sure, me calling out to you might have sparked your comeback, but you were the one who endured Sakashita's barrage and landed that finishing blow to turn the tables."
"Yes,
but..."
"You need to have more confidence in yourself.
Ninety percent of that win was through your skills!"
I give Aoi a hearty slap on the back.
"Senpai..."
Aoi gives me a puzzled look. Then, after a few moments…
"Thank you so much...
for always encouraging me like that."
She smiles.
"But I really do believe that it wasn't my skills that led to that victory."
"And now we're back at the start again.
Listen..."
"It was our hard work. OUR victory!"
"Oh..."
"I was able to train as hard as I did and produce a result beyond my abilities thanks to you.
On the day of a match, I'd normally be frozen with nerves until the very end."
"Y-You think so?"
"I truly understand now after that match.
The peace of mind of having someone I can turn to by my side…
a pillar of strength, you could say.
I'm really glad you were there for me."
"Aoi..."
Aoi fights through her slight embarrassment and explains as she looks me right in the eyes.
I end up being the one who averts my gaze.
Then, I scratch my nose.
"Oh, yeah! Aoi..."
"…Yes?"
"What souvenir do you want from the school trip?"
I ask out of the blue.
Their conversation would've stopped dead if I didn't change the subject.
"Sorry?
The school trip?"
Aoi looks at me in confusion.
"Oh, didn't you know?
The juniors are going on a school trip right after the Golden Week break.
That includes me too, obviously."
"Ah, is that so?
I was unaware of that.
A school trip sounds like fun."
"...So, that means I can't make it to club activities for all of next week. Sorry."
"Oh..."
It suddenly appears to dawn on her.
"I'm really sorry I can't be there for a whole week, especially since we're the only two members."
"No, don't be. This is out of your control.
It's a school trip, after all."
"You're not sad about it?"
"Well...
Yes, a little. But I'll be fine.
It was only me in the club for the longest time before you came along, so."
"…That's true."
Aoi had been working hard at training and going to the gym all on her own, even before I joined.
Of course she would be fine without me.
"So, about that souvenir. What do you want?"
I ask her with a smile.
"Famous local food or something?"
"...Can I ask for anything?"
"Sure. I'm all ears."
"Great! If possible, I would like something I can keep as a memento."
"Like some kind of ornament?"
"Yes, something like that."
"Bear statues seem to be pretty popular,
since they've got lots of bears and foxes over in that region."
"Foxes?

There are foxes there?"
"There sure are. The Ezo Red Fox.
I read that some are pretty friendly and seek out humans for food."
"Really?"
"That's what the guide book said.
Do you like foxes or something?"
"Um, it's not that I love them or anything, but they are cute, don't you think? With their fluffy tails and all."
"Alright,
then I'll get you something fox-related for your souvenir."
"You will?

Thank you so much!"
Aoi says with a grin.
We continue to talk for a while after that until I go home for the day.
