（葵　好感度イベント１）
（発生条件　好感度１０以上）
（昼休み）
（中庭）
It's lunch time.
The weather's amazing with skies as clear as the eye can see. I decide to head out to the courtyard for the first time in a while, sit on a bench, and have lunch there.
I'm alone today.
I'd normally have lunch with Masashi, but his big sister sometimes packs him a homemade lunch. We eat separately when that happens.
I have two sandwiches and a cafe au lait.
Just a regular lunch. Nothing special.
But the cafeteria is always filled with people and isn't the best place to have a quiet lunch.
Lunch is a meal I want to relax and enjoy.
I rip open the sandwich wrapper as I bask under the glorious sunshine.
As I stab the straw into my coffee and take a sip, I think to myself that it feels pretty nice to have lunch alone every now and then, until...
"...Oh, Senpai."
Aoi happens to show up.
She's holding a bag with her boxed lunch inside it.
"Are you having lunch on your own?"
"Yeah, I guess...
You too?"
"Yes. The friend I usually eat with is absent today.
Um, may I join you?"
"Oh, of course.
Go right ahead."
"Thank you very much."
Aoi sits next to me.
"Do you often have lunch here?"
"No, I usually eat in the classroom, but I figured the weather was nice today."
"That's true.
It would be a shame not to go outside when the weather is so amazing."
Aoi places her lunchbox on her lap and begins to open it up.
She lifts the lid on the lunchbox.
Half is filled with rice and the other half with side dishes.
As I stare intently...
"Pl-Please don't stare."
Embarrassed, Aoi uses her hands to hide her lunchbox.
"Why not?
It looks really tasty.
Did your mom make it for you?"
"Yes."
She nods.
"It's impressive.
There's no need to hide it."
"I'm embarrassed because my lunchbox is probably bigger than the average girl's..."
Her lunchbox is big...?
"Pffssh..."
What she said is so adorable that I can't help but laugh.
Aoi's face turns bright red.
I…
A. Say that it's to be expected because she works out a lot.
B. Joke about how big her lunch is.
