（葵との出会い）
（回数イベント１）
Oh, yeah.
She was so passionate about recruiting me, so maybe I'll head over to check out Aoi's club.
I don't know if I'll join, but I should at least see what the club's about.
It's not like I have anything better to do.
I head over to the training grounds Aoi mentioned.
There's an old shrine behind the school.
I have no idea who or what is worshipped at this small, run-down shrine.
With barely a visitor around, the shrine has become all but an empty lot.
Aoi, the avid martial artist, apparently practices here after school every day...
I drop by to see her, but looking around, Aoi is nowhere to be found.
Hmm, strange.
Maybe I got here before her.
Oh well.
I'll wait for a while and just leave if she doesn't show up.
I sit on the stairs to the shrine's main hall, waiting for her.
How many members does her club have?
Aoi mentioned not having enough members to be recognized as a school club, so that means it's a pretty small club.
And she made it sound like she was a representative of the club, but I don't know about that.
Hmmm…
I actually don't really know much about the club at all.
As I think to myself...
*wham*
The clear sound of something being hit echoes around the area.
*wham*
*wham*
It continues to ring out at regular intervals.
*wham*
"Huh?"
What's that sound?
Where's it coming from?
The sounds appear to be calling for me. I walk in the direction of the sounds and find...
"Oh, Aoi!"
*wham*
Aoi is there on her own practicing her kicks on a punching bag.
The thumps I heard are the sounds of her giving the punching bag a good beating.
*wham*
With every powerful kick, the punching bag hanging on the tree branch sways.
Her kicks are so strong that I find it hard to imagine them coming from her tiny body.
*wham*
A high roundhouse kick with her back leg.
Karate style, perhaps?
Her kicks are fast and crisp.
She puts so much force into them, but she never once loses balance.
Her form is clearly amazing, even to my amateur eyes.
"Wow, she's incredible..."
A gasp of awe escapes me.
Honestly, when I heard that she practiced karate, I didn't think much of it since she's a girl and all.
Boy, was I wrong.
She's a bona fide fighter.
*wham*
"Um, Aooooi-chan?"
I call out to her meekly so as to not startle her.
*wham*
But she doesn't notice.
She seems really focused.
I try calling out to her again.
"Aoooooi-chan."
*wham*
Her powerful kick drowns out my voice and she doesn't hear me.
Maybe I'll try yelling louder…
"…"
But I decide against it.
I don't want to interrupt her when she's so focused on her training.
I'll wait quietly until she takes a break.
*wham*
*creak* *creak*
The chain attached to the punching bag lurches.
"*huff, huff, huff*"
Aoi latches onto the swinging punching bag to stop it as she pants.
"*huff, huff, huff*"
Her shoulders heave dramatically.
After a short break, she picks up the gym towel at her feet and wipes the sweat from her brow.
Looks like she's about to take a proper break.
Time to call out to her.
"Hey! That was some impressive kicking."
Aoi finally notices me this time and turns to look my way.
"Oh..."
She seems a little surprised to see me.
"Yo!"
I wave.
"<family>-senpai!"
A smile spreads across her face and she jogs over to me.
"You came!"
"I thought I'd have a little look."
"Thank you very much!
　
I'm glad you did!"
Aoi wipes the sweat off her brow.
"You're actually the first person to come and see the club."
"What? Seriously?"
"Yes,
which is why I am absolutely thrilled.
I’d like if you didn’t limit yourself to just watching and joined my training too.
I think experiencing training leaves a different impression than simply being a part of the audience."
"I
suppose…"
I nod with a forced smile.
"But I think I really will just watch today."
"Really?"
"You can go ahead and continue training. Pretend I'm not here."
"Very well…
But, um, I was actually thinking of taking a break right now."
"Yeah?"
"Yes."
Aoi replies sheepishly before taking a seat.
"By the way..."
I start.
"What?"
"I don't see anyone other than you."
I say, looking around.
"Uh…"
"Where are the other members?"
"Oh..."
"Are they taking the day off?"
"N-No, that's not quite the case, um..."
"Hm?"
"...I'm still the only member...
of this club."
"The only member? It's just you?"
"Yes…"
Aoi nods bashfully.
"Ohhh, and here I was thinking that this was a club formed by a number of like-minded people."
"If only that were the case..."
"Wow, so it's just you.
I can see why you were so fired up trying to recruit people."
"Yes.
A minimum of five members is required for a club to be recognized by the school…
As such,
my club needs another four people."
"Correct.
Only four more people, but I'm finding it quite hard to recruit four people."
Aoi looks up and sighs.
"Gaining the school's approval would apparently give us access to a club room and training space.
We would be able to practice on rainy days, buy equipment for training using club funds, and even have a changing room to change into our gear..."
Now that she mentions it, where does Aoi get changed if she doesn't have a changing room?
In this forest, maybe?
"…"
Well that's neither here nor there.
"In any case, I can't continue on my own.
If I at least had another person, one of us could wear kick mitts or do other things to make training more effective..."
"Hmmmm…"
"But..."
Aoi takes in a deep breath and then smiles as if she had composed herself.
"I intend on pushing through somehow, even if I have to do it on my own."
Yet something about her smile doesn't feel quite right.
"Okay! Break time's over!"
"What? Really?"
"Yes.
It's better to get back into training before the sweat completely subsides."
"Oh, okay."
"Now then, since you are here today, I will show you a variety of basic moves through karate kata."
Aoi takes a step back.
She inhales deeply and then assumes her stance.
"I shall now begin!"
Aoi proceeds to show off various moves while explaining them in easy-to-understand terms for an amateur like me.
I had originally planned to give her club a quick look before going straight home, but I end up staying with her as she trains until the sun sets.
"Thank you very much for taking the effort to come today, <family>-senpai.
I enjoyed myself quite a lot."
"Oh, really?"
"Yes.
Please do come again if you like.
I take Mondays and Wednesday off for personal reasons, but I'm here practicing every other day of the week."
The crimson rays of the setting sun shine onto Aoi's cheeks as she smiles.
"Y-Yeah."
I can't give a clear refusal with her smile beaming at me, and I end up replying vaguely.
