（葵　回数イベント３）
（２Ｆ廊下）
Alright, I think I'll head over to see Aoi.
"Hiya! I'm talking to you, boy-o there with nothing better to do."
I hear someone casually calling out to me from behind as I leave the shoe lockers.
It's Shiho.
"Where are you rushing off to?"
"None of your business."
"Well aren't you a little grump?
Would it hurt to be a little nicer?"
"Not planning on it."
"Ugh, you're so rude."
"Yeah, yeah.
So what does 'girl-with-nothing-better-to-do' want with me?"
"Did I stutter? I asked you—where are you going?"
"And did I stutter? I said it's none of your business."
"What am I, a broken record?
Can't you say it more nicely?"
"…"
I let out a big sigh.
"I don't have the time to keep up this stupid argument with you, alright?"
I say, turning to leave.
"Oh-ho?
So you're off to have some fun on your own then?"
"What's your deal?"
"Did you think I hadn't noticed?

What've you been doing sneaking off on your own after school?"
"ike it matters to you…"
"Could it be a G・
I・
R・
L?"
Shiho asks with a cheeky grin.
I flinch a little.
"O-Oh please, as if.
And I haven't been sneaking around."
"Then what've you been up to?"
"I've just been dropping by to take a look at an after school club."
"A club,
　
<nick>?
　
You're a junior and you're thinking of joining one now?"
"Why not? Leave me alone."
"What kind of club is it?"
"A martial arts one."
"Martial arts?"
"Not just a regular one,
but a mixed martial arts one. It's the thing now."
"Huh?"
Shiho furrows her brow in confusion.
"It's not like you'd understand—you're just a girl.
Hold up,
that includes Aoi too.
I retract that statement. Let me correct myself:
Someone like you would never understand."
"…"
"And you know what, Shiho?"
"Wh-What?"
"Why don't you quit loafing around and try applying yourself properly to something?"
"Excuse me?"
"Use your adolescence to shine brighter."
"What are you talking about?
Do you have a fever or something?"
"A fever?
Yeah, maybe.
A fever from the fiery blaze of passion!"
"...Yeah, the fever has clearly gone to your brain."
I laugh heartily, turn away, and then leave Shiho blinking in confusion behind me.
I stay with Aoi as she trains until the sun sets, again.
As the crimson flames of the sky begin to fade with the setting of the sun, Aoi carries out her final drill of the day.
Aoi's shadow as she kicks the punching bag stretches so long that it reaches me where I'm sitting under the tree.
Sweat pours from her face with every whole-hearted kick.
And here I'm just staring at her, not moving a single muscle.
"…"
"Why don't you quit loafing around and try applying yourself properly to something?"
"Excuse me?"
"Use your adolescence to shine brighter."
"Shine brighter, hm?
Who did I think I was?"
I mutter as I watch Aoi devote herself to practice.
When it comes to loafing around every day, I'm no better than Shiho.
My youth is rotting away.
"Senpai."
Aoi breathlessly calls out to me.
"Wha?"
I'm lost in my thoughts and respond like a doofus.
"Um, the sun has almost set, so I was thinking of calling it a day and going home."
"O-Oh, yeah, of course."
I compose myself, get up, and brush the sand off my butt.
Aoi begins to pack up.
She neatly folds her towel, puts it in her bag, and then lowers the punching bag from the tree branch with a thud.
The punching bag is always stored under the deck of the shrine's hall after practice.
"I'll take that."
It has to weigh nearly 90 pounds.
A girl would definitely find this heavy, so it's the least I can do. I put it away last time as well.
"Sorry for always making you help me."
"It's fine, really.
Hup!"
I pick up the heavy punching bag and carry it over to the hall...
And into the plastic bag and under the deck it goes.
"That should do it."
I return to Aoi.
As I make my way back to the forest, I find Aoi standing in the shadow of the tree, fidgeting.
Upon closer inspection, I realize that she has her hand under her skirt and is in the middle of taking her gym pants off.
She slides them down her thighs and off her ankles.
Aoi puts the gym pants into her bag and then grabs her skirt, flapping it about.
Then, she finally notices my gaze.
"Oh my gosh, w-were you watching this whole time?!"
She rushes to hold down her skirt and turns my way with a look of both embarrassment and anxiety.
Her face is red.
"Well, err…"
I try to laugh it off.
"H-Hahaha, I-I guess I was.
Guess you'd get all hot and stuffy if you kept those on, huh."
"…"
"Oh."
Wh-What the heck is even coming out of my mouth?!
"…"
"…"
The wind blows by.
Oh, I know.
There's something more important I want to tell Aoi.
I gather myself and clear my throat.
"Say,
Aoi?"
The tone of my voice sounds more serious than usual.
"Yes,
what is it?"
Aoi stands up straight and looks me in the eye.
"...I've actually been thinking this whole time."
"Yes?"
"I was wondering if I could train with you."
"What?"
Aoi is taken aback.
"I mean, I'm a guy and all, so I can't sit still. It's not fun just watching."
"R-Really?"
"Yeah."
I give her a firm nod.
After some time passes...
"Oh…"
Aoi's face lights up like a flower blooming.
"A-Are you saying that you will join my club?!"
"...No, I haven't decided to join yet.
But what about a trial membership? Could I do something like that?"
"Absolutely! That is definitely an option!"
"Then count me in as a trial member."
"S-Sure!"
Aoi takes a deep breath and places her hand on her chest.
"You will be joining me for practice starting from next time.
I am happy to hear this."
"Well, I might cause you trouble, but I'm in your trusty hands."
I chuckle.
"But why the sudden change of heart?

Is there some kind of reason behind this?"
"A reason?
Well, if I had to say then…"
A. It's because I want to learn more about combative sports.
B. It's because I got bored of just watching.
C. It's because I want to get to know you better.
