（葵　回数イベント４）
Okay, time to head to the martial arts club for practice.
I'll be training too, starting today.
Today's the day I begin my training in combative sports, just like we decided last time.
Aoi will be my instructor, obviously.
On my first day of practice, Aoi plans on teaching me the basics of karate.
Aoi's been practicing her original style of combative sports, a mix of various martial arts. But karate is what she practiced from a young age, and it's formed the foundation of her fighting style.
Aoi and I change into our gym clothes and head over to the training grounds.
"Now then,
I shall now explain to you the correct way to hold your fist."
"How to hold my fist?"
"Yes.
In boxing, you only squeeze your fist when landing a hit, but karate requires you to hold your first firm at all times to prevent injuries to your hands and wrists."
"I see."
"Starting with your pinky, curl each fingertip into the base of your fingers and squeeze your fist tightly."
"Pushing the base of the fingers..."
"That's correct.
Now, push your thumb against your index and middle fingers firmly."
"Like this?"
"Yes, just like that."
It's like I'm holding my own fingers.
"The knuckles of your index and middle fingers are what actually make an impact when you punch.
It's the hardest part of your fist."
"I see."
"Also, when you throw a punch, don't ever bend your wrist,
as it will send the impact to it and may lead to injury."
"Got it."
She also teaches me the basics of how to stand and assume the proper stance. Aoi completely neglects her own training and teaches me everything from scratch in great detail.
"The shortcut to progress is to master the basics.
Repeat the same thing over and over again to teach your body how to move efficiently."
"Over and over again...
Right?"
"Um, please don't view practicing the basics as a chore.
Even the most experienced fighters go back to the basics.
It's within the basics that you will learn everything."
"Okay."
The basic stances…
The Sanchin stance, Zenkutsu stance, and Kokutsu stance...
The basic blocks…
The jodan-uke, soto-uke, and uchi-uke...
The basic techniques…
The chudan-tsuki, jodan-tsuki, and ago-uchi...
The practice is REALLY bland.
To be completely honest, I want to do more intense training like punching and kicking the punching bag.
On the other hand, I understand the logic that the basics are what's most important.
Aoi is doing her best to teach me, so I should just listen to her and follow her instructions.
The sun ends up setting with Aoi spending the whole time teaching me the basics.
Once we finish up and are ready to leave, Aoi turns to me with a smile.
"You have a knack for this, Senpai."
"What?"
"You practiced each and every one of your basic techniques with excellent form.
I found it hard to believe that this was your first time."
"Really?"
"Yes.
You seemed to understand
how to shift your weight
and how to relax."
"Nah..."
She might just be saying that to be polite, but a compliment's a compliment.
I respond bashfully.
A. All that watching you practice wasn't for nothing.
B. You're a good teacher, Aoi.
C. I'm confident in my aptitude for these kinds of things.
