（葵　回数イベント５）
Alright, another day, another practice session with Aoi!
I arrive at the shrine and find Aoi already in her gym clothes. She's pulling the punching bag out from under the deck.
"Yo, Aoi."
I call out to her and help her with the punching bag.
"Oh! Hello, Senpai."
"Hey.
You're always here so early."
"Yes,
we don't have a lot of time to practice so I wanted to make the most of it by coming early."
"You're so passionate about training.
I'm really impressed."
"Th-That's not true..."
Aoi smiles sheepishly.
I carry the punching bag on my shoulders and set it down under the big tree.
The girthy tree has a cloth with a hook attached to it wrapped around one of its branches.
We hang the punching bag from a chain attached to the hook.
It's pretty heavy, but not so bad that I can't pick it up.
"Hup!
There."
"Thank you very much."
"No need for thanks.
We're here to train together so you can save those words."
"Oh, yes. That's right."
"Yep."
I nod and Aoi smiles with joy.
"Hehehe."
"Something up?"
"Oh, no, well..."
"Hm?"
"It really is fun being able to train with another person."
"Really?"
"Yes, very much so."
"You're happy to have me here?"
"Yes."
"Glad to hear it.
I was actually pretty worried about that.
I thought I might've been getting in the way of your training instead."
"Not at all."
Aoi reassures me straight up.
"It's far more fun with another person.
I think I did feel lonely on my own."
"Yeah?"
I'm happy that she's happy.
"Okay, let's get into practice."
"Yes!
　
I want you to start by going through what you learned last time."
"Got it!"
And so our training session begins.
I go through the basic training that I learned last time and Aoi warms up with her basic training before she gets into attacking drills on the punching bag.
*wham*
*wham*
With every crisp sound, the punching bag sways wildly from Aoi's roundhouse kicks.
The sound of the impacts are as intense as ever.
How does Aoi's tiny form produce such power? It's a complete mystery to me.
That's what makes combative sports so fascinating.
Attacking drills are an indispensable training method for combative sports that is performed with the intention of being in an actual fight.
It's said that it helps you learn the feeling of what it's like to land an attack and teaches you how to use your body weight and assume proper form, leading to increased power behind your techniques.
You can do basic training and shadow training all you want to perfect your form and boost your speed, but it's all pointless unless your attacks inflict heavy damage when they land.
While traditional martial arts focus on training the mind, it's important to increase the strength of your attacks in combative sports because you're actually fighting against an opponent.
After practicing individual moves such as punches and roundhouse kicks, she then moves onto practicing combos.
Just watching her training combos as if she were in a real fight gets me all fired up myself.
*thwomp*
*wham*
*thwomp*
*thump*
*wham*
A left-right one-two punch.
An up-down one-two punch.
A jab followed by an uppercut.
A one-two followed by a hook punch.
A front kick to a roundhouse kick.
A front kick to a back kick.
A double roundhouse kick.
A one-two followed by a low kick.
A high roundhouse kick to a low kick.
A low kick to a one-two punch, followed by a roundhouse kick.
Her combos are anaerobic exercises where she holds her breath until she completes her string of attacks.
Unlike shadow training, this involves striking a punching bag, meaning she must use up a lot of stamina.
People not used to training every day would be out of breath and unable to move their arms after one round, let alone two or three.
Yet Aoi trains in a repetitive loop of one minute on, one minute off, to no end.
Her combos gradually get more intense and more complex.
I find myself forgetting about my training and becoming absorbed in watching her.
Man.
I wanna hurry up and learn the basics so I can get into punching and kicking the punching bag too!
"Hm?
　
The punching bag?
　
Oh, go ahead.
It's all yours."
"What?"
I test the waters by telling her that I want to try, and she lets me have a go without any issue. I'm a little taken aback.
"Is it okay for an amateur like me to try?"
"Yes.
It's very important to learn what it feels like to actually land an attack.
Remember the basics that I taught you last time and try striking them into the punching bag with accuracy."
And so I stand myself in front of the punching bag.
I put on the gloves that she handed over to me.
They're the same red polyurethane gloves that Aoi always uses to train with.
The rules of Extreme allow for grappling, so the gloves leave your fingers exposed.
Apparently, I'll hurt my fists if I don't use the gloves.
"Okay, I will hold the punching bag from behind."
Aoi holds the punching back to stop it from swaying.
"Go ahead whenever you wish!"
Go ahead,
hm?
I just gotta punch it...
right?
"…"
Standing in front of the punching bag, the simple act of punching it starts to feel more daunting than it should.
"Uh..."
What's the right way to punch it again?
I'm pretty sure she taught me.
"Start by clenching your fists tight so that you don't hurt your wrists."
Seeing my hesitation, Aoi offers me some advice.
Oh yeah. That's the first step.
Curling my fingers to the base, starting from my pinky...
There.
"Strike with the knuckles of your index and middle fingers.
That's the hardest part of your fist."
The knuckles of my index finger and middle finger...
Here.
*thump* *thump*
Yeah, they're pretty hard.
Aoi then tells me to not punch with just the power of my arms, but to focus on twisting sideways with my spine at the center of the rotation.
I see.
So I want to twist my entire body like a spring.
"When your fist makes contact, turn your elbow 90 degrees from the bottom to the side.
Make sure the movement is from your elbow and not your wrist.
Everything beyond your elbow remains fixed.
Imagine you're wearing a kendo gauntlet on your arm."
Fixed wrist. Turn the elbow.
"Now, go ahead!

Hit it as hard as you can!"
As hard as I can.
I may not look powerful, but I'm pretty confident in the strength of my arms.
Alright.
I'll punch so hard that I'll scare Aoi by sending her flying from the shockwave my punch sends through the punching bag!
"Here I go!"
"Go ahead!
Take thaaaaaaat!
*thomp*
I gather all the strength I have and punch the punching bag.
"Ah, yes. That was good. Very good.
You put more weight behind it than I would expect an amateur to."
"…"
"But your movement was a little exaggerated.
Try punching in a more streamlined manner..."
"…"
"Um, what's the matter?"
"…Ye."
"Ye?"
"YEEEEOWCH!"
I cry out as I cradle my wrist.
"A-Are you okay?!"
Concerned, Aoi rushes over to me.
"I-I'm fine. No sweat..."
I awkwardly smile.
But I'm actually in a lot of pain.
"I-It stung my wrist more than I expected it to..."
"It's likely that you didn't clench your fist hard enough.
That tends to happen when you try to punch with speed."
"I-I see..."
"Almost everyone is surprised how much their wrist takes the impact when they hit a punching bag for the first time.
It reaffirms the importance of mastering the basics and strengthening your wrists."
"Are you saying you always do this training?"
"Yes, for the most part.
Running to build up my stamina and train the body is a building block of the basics."
"But when do you do that?
I don't see you run during practice.
Do you do it after you get home?"
"No, I don't train once I go home.
I always wake up early to get it done in the morning."
"You wake up early in the morning?!
Yikes! Isn't that super tough?!"
"Well, it's become a routine for me."
G-Gah...
She's clearly more motivated than the average person to get stronger.
"Then what do you usually do after you get home?"
"After I get home?
　
Well, I eat, take a bath, study…"
"Study as in...combative sports?"
"No, just regular school study.
I'm not very smart, so I have to study hard to keep up with class."
Aoi smiles as if embarrassed.
"Then what about on Mondays and Wednesdays...
when you don't have martial arts club?"
"I go to a mixed martial arts gym on Mondays and Wednesdays."
"A gym?"
"Yes.
More MMA gyms have opened lately,
but there are still only a handful that have a girls group."
"Huh.
What about Sundays then?"
"I go to a Chinese martial arts dojo twice a month.
I've only just started, though."
"Chinese martial arts?!"
"Yes.
The dojo's a little far, but the master there is an excellent one.
Have you heard of Xing Yi Quan?"
"No..."
"It's a style of Chinese martial arts.
I've only just scratched the surface of it, but I think it could be useful."
"Wow, you sure do have a lot of irons in the fire.
That means your Sundays are booked out too.
You don't have any time to have fun."
"I suppose so, but I do all of that out of enjoyment. It doesn't tire me out at all."
Geez...
I can't help but say—
A. You sure are impressive, Aoi.
B. I could never do all that you do.
C. Do you actually take the time to chill out?
