（葵　回数イベント６）
Alright! Time for practice!
I pump myself up and head over to the training grounds.
But that day, something is a little different when I get to the shrine.
There's someone else aside from Aoi there. A female student I don't recognize.
"Why don't you understand what I'm trying to say?
It's ridiculous that someone of your talents is quitting karate over a stupid waste of time!"
"B-But Extreme isn't a waste of time."
"It's a grand event that's held in collaboration with TV broadcasters and companies, right?

If that's not a charade then I don't know what is."
"B-But…"
Looks like they're having a pretty big argument.
The mood's really tense...
Wait, I think I have seen her around before.
She's a junior, like me. Sakashita from Class D.
I think she's part of the Karate Club.
I hear she's pretty strong. She was chosen to represent the high school in a regional tournament as a newbie, or something like that.
She's a pretty well-known student in my grade.
But what does she want from Aoi?
"I was ecstatic when I heard that you enrolled in the same school as me this year.
I was looking forward to practicing karate with you again…"
"…"
"The senior members of our club were really excited too.
They were thrilled when I told them about you...
I guess it's my fault for jumping the gun."
"Yoshie..."
Aoi hangs her head with a look of ambivalence.
What's this?
Aoi and Sakashita know each other?
Sounds like they're pretty close too.
Karate must be what they have in common.
"But I can't believe even you, of all people, would quit karate to play pretend fighting."
"It's not 'pretend' anything!"
"…"
Sakashita is taken aback by Aoi's sudden burst of intensity.
"Oh..."
Aoi looks away. She must feel awkward too.
Sakashita chuckles.
"…It IS a game of pretend."
She reiterates.
"...I don't know if it's mixed martial arts or whatever, but messing around like a child on an empty lot like this place is nothing but playing pretend."
"…"
"Let me rephrase it. That Extreme tournament—or whatever it's called—is a joke if what you're doing here is of a level to meet their standards."
"Y-You're wrong!
Extreme is not a low-level tournament.
Top-class martial artists of all disciplines from around the world gather for it.
In fact,
Ayaka
Ayaka?
's-"
"I knew it. So Ayaka's the one who put this idea in your head."
"Ah..."
Aoi catches herself the moment she says the name "Ayaka."
"It all boils down to you wanting to become more like Ayaka,
eh?"
"N-No, that's not..."
"So you really don't care if you're practicing karate or MMA. You just want to be in magazines and have the spotlight on you, just like Ayaka."
Ayaka…?
Huh?
Who's that?
"N-No, that's not..."
"That's exactly what you want!"
Sakashita snaps.
"Everyone knows that ever since Ayaka won the high school division last year, more girls from dojos across the country have been inspired to enter tournaments."
"I'm trying to tell you that I..."
Sakashita gives a big sigh as if to cut Aoi off.
"Now she's in all those magazines and got herself a following. She's practically an idol."
"…"
"I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that.
In fact, it's impressive she's gotten all that attention by winning a tournament."
"…"
"But from the point of view of someone who'd trained in karate with her for so long, she disgusts me."
"What?"
"Karate is a martial art.
It's not simply a method to knock out opponents.
We learn martial arts through karate.
You need to honor that mentality.
That applies to full-contact combative karate as well."
"Yes…"
"Yet Ayaka used karate as just a means to defeat opponents, win, and bask in the glory.
Now girls have flocked to aspire to be like her and follow in her footsteps.
And you're one of them!"
"Oh..."
"What do you think will happen to karate if this trend picks up more pace?

Karate as a martial art will be belittled and become just another combative sport.

That's why seeing Ayaka now disgusts me!

And people who follow in her footsteps like you disgust me too!"
"…"
After a short pause, Aoi slowly lifts her head and opens her mouth slightly to speak.
"I-I am not entering in Extreme because I am envious of Ayaka right now or want to be famous like her, not in the slightest."
"Then why?

Why would you quit karate after practicing it for so long and suddenly pick up this nonsense? It's clear to anyone that you want to follow in Ayaka's footsteps!"
"I am not trying to follow her,
I want to catch up to her!"
"That's the same thing!"
"It is not!"
Aoi responds with an intensity I have never seen from her before.
"...It is not the same.
I merely want to catch up to her.
I want to get near her...
I want to get near Ayaka!"
"You want to catch up to her?"
"Yes."
Aoi nods emphatically with a clear look of resolve in her eyes.
"Ayaka has been my goal, ever since I was in grade school.
I started karate because I wanted to be like her."
"I think you have mentioned that to me a few times before..."
"That's why I've always repeated in my heart that I wanted to get near Ayaka's level. I wanted to reach her. That's all I've ever thought as I put my all into my training."
"…"
"But then last year, Ayaka entered a world that I could never reach through karate alone."
"Because she shifted to compete in that tournament instead of continuing into high-school karate."
"Exactly."
"That's why you want to chase her and stand on the same stage as Ayaka?"
"Yes."
I have no idea.
So Aoi's dreams aren't just simply focused on mixed martial arts.
The person she idolizes shifted from karate to Extreme, so she followed her.
I see.
Wait. Why am I hiding like a mouse and listening to them?
"But Aoi..."
Sakashita begins with a cold tone.
"That means you're looking down on karate,
and in turn, us as well."
"What?"
"You're saying that now that Ayaka's gone, you don't have anyone to aspire to be in the karate world—me included."
"That wasn't my intention..."
"It might not have been your intention, but your actions say otherwise."
Hold up.
I don't like where this is headed.
Aoi continues to hang her head low and remains silent.
Sakashita lowers the tone of her voice and continues.
"It's true. Ayaka is strong and I understand why you'd want to be like her.
In fact, I've never won against her in a fight."
"…"
"But that was back when she was active in the karate community.
It's different now.
I myself have become stronger compared to Ayaka who uses karate as some kind of asset.
I'm sure I can beat her now!"
"Perhaps…
that is the case."
"There's no 'perhaps' in it!

It probably—no, it DEFINITELY is the case!"
"…"
"And I can say the same for you... You haven't made any progress either!"
"What?"
"Forget progress! You've probably gotten weaker now that there's been a lapse in your training!"
"I've gotten weaker?"
"Of course you have!

Who's stronger? You doing your pointless training in this empty lot, or me who's continued her karate training? It's clear as day!"
"…"
"You might have a chance if an actual trainer was teaching you in a proper gym, but combative sports aren't so simple that you can get stronger by teaching yourself out in the middle of nowhere.
All you're doing is playing a long game of pretend!"
"…Th-That's not true."
"And you're looking down on combative sports by choosing your game of pretend over my karate club. There's no other way to see it!"
"I-I..."
"Hey, hold up.
The same can be said about you, Sakashita. Aren't you the one looking down on others?"
I can't hold back any longer and step out in front of them.
"S-Senpai!"
Aoi's face lights up when she sees me.
"You're…
<family> from Class B?"
Sakashita looks at me, confused.
"Wow, I must be pretty famous myself for someone as famous as you to recognize me."
"You said something weird just now.
What are you suggesting I'm looking down on?"
She glowers at me.
I shrink down ever so slightly at her pointed eyes.
That's a seasoned karate-ka for you.
This girl's got a real mean look about her.
"Well? Who or what am I belittling?"
"This school club."
I respond.
"You think that our martial arts club is just a long game of make believe?
And that Aoi's actually gotten weaker because of it?
You've got some nerve saying that, when you don't have a clue, Sakashita."
"…"
"Have you even once seen how hard Aoi works every day?"
"…"
"Have you seen how much heart she puts into her training?"
"…"
"You questioned her martial arts mentality, right?
Do you think she's forgotten it?
Her resolve to get stronger and her effort and spirit to strive for that are all elite."
"…"
"If you insist that training the mind is the ultimate goal of martial arts, then it's clear that what Aoi does is far from fun and games.
It's a proper martial art in itself!
I can say that with confidence!"
"S-Senpai..."
"…"
"…"
"<family>…"
"What?"
"You were listening from the start?"
Ack.
"You stayed hidden and listened the whole time?"
G-Gah...
"S-So what if I did?"
"You've been talking big as if you're some expert this whole time. What's your deal with Aoi?"
"Me?"
"Yeah."
"M-Me? Well, uh…"
A. I'm her coach!
B. I'm a guy who's in love with her!
C. I'm a member of this school club!
