（葵　回数イベント７　選択後　Ａ）
Alright, I'll help Aoi with her training.
There was only so much I could do for her, but I wanted to help her
at least a little.
"Aoi."
I call out to Aoi as she continues to practice.
"...Y-Yes? What is it?"
Aoi stops punching the punching bag and responds between labored
breaths.
I respond.
"I'll help you out."
"Help? You mean with my training?"
"Yes. "
I nod.
"Remember what you said before? That having another person would
make training more effective?"
"Right..."
"Then let's train in a more effective way! Let me help."
"Fujita..."
Aoi smiles for a moment before a troubled look crosses her face.
"What's wrong?"
"I would love to ask for your help, but..."
"But what?"
"It may be a little dangerous."
"Dangerous?"
"Yes."
Aoi gives a slight nod.
"Specifically, I want you to wear kick mitts for me."
"Are kick mitts those thick pads you put on your arms?"
"Yes!
あれをつけて動いてもらって、それを蹴る練習なんですけど、やっぱりある程度慣れてる人でないと…」
"All I need to do is absorb your kicks, right?"
"Yes."
"No sweat! I've gotten the basic idea of that sort of thing from
reading that book you let me borrow. My reflexes are pretty decent
too."
I laugh.
「…私も、いちおうミットを狙いますけど、それでもときどきは体に当たっちゃうこともあるかもしれません」
"That's to be expected. It's not like I'm here to play around."
"I see."
"Okay! Alright! Throw those kicks at me like you mean it!"
*thwack*
*thomp*
*thomp*
*thwack*
I might've gotten carried away by offering my help, but it actually
takes a lot of courage to absorb her kicks with the kick mitts.
Aoi may be a girl, but her kicks are fast and heavy.
I gradually get pushed back farther and farther.
But she isn't even kicking me at full power yet.
Her speed and power are only at 70 percent of her usual kicks.
She must be holding back out of concern for me.
Each and every one of her kicks are carefully placed to ensure that
my mitts would stay on.
They weren't at all real or practical.
This training method is usually used to learn how to create
openings for attacks in actual fights.
It's useless unless she kicks as if she were in a real fight.
"Kick harder!"
I respond.
"B-But..."
"This is pointless unless you give it all you've got, right?"
"Don't hold back. Or do you actually think you can beat Sakashita
with those kicks?"
"Oh."
"Sakashita's been getting proper sparring and fight training this
whole time. She'll pull farther away from you if you keep up this
half-hearted effort!"
"But I don't want to accidentally hit you..."
"I already said it's okay if you do!"
"But..."
Aoi insists on holding back against me.
But that makes the training pointless.
"You're not playing around, right?"
「え…？」
"This isn't a game of pretend, is it?"
"We're practicing martial arts—not playing pretend, right?"
"At the very least, I'm here to practice martial arts. I'm not
shaking in my boots here worrying about getting kicked. I don't
care if you accidentally hit me."
"Fujita..."
"And I might be an amateur, but I don't want you to underestimate me."
I smile to try to lighten up the mood.
"Aoi appears to make some kind of decision and nods emphatically.
"Okay, got it!
それでは、本気でやらせてもらいます」
"That's the way! Give me all you've got!"
"Here I go!"
*thwack*
*thomp*
*thomp*
*thwack*
Every one of Aoi's kicks sends a powerful shockwave through my
mitts.
I move right, left, and back. It's all I can do to stop myself from
getting blown away.
But I don't shy away and use my footwork, throw in some feints, and
do my best to make the training feel like a real fight.
Aoi gradually starts to get into a rhythm and begins mixing in
punches with her kicks to form combos.
*whomp*
*whomp*
*thawomp*
*thwack*
"Urgh..."
I start to have trouble withstanding her attacks.
Aoi's attacks would sometimes hit me in the shoulder, arm, armpit,
and the side of my head.
That training session ends with me getting three hits in the
shoulder, two in the armpit, eight in the arm, and one in the head.
I eat fourteen hits in total.
"I'm sorry..."
"H-Haha... I-It's totally fine."
"Don't the spots that I hit hurt?"
"Haha. N-No sweat. I'm okay."
However, I'm actually in agony.
"But I had a really fulfilling training session because of your help.
Thank you so much!"
Aoi bows deeply.
"Hey, none of that now! Lift that head back up."
"Yes..."
"More importantly, I think I get how to handle it now, so I'll be
able to be a more effective training partner for you"
「せ、先輩…」
"Let's give it all we've got next time too."
"R-Right!
Thank you."
Guess that means I helped, at least a bit.
