（葵　回数イベント８）
Okay, time for another day of intense training.
I want to quickly improve so that I can at least be of use as Aoi's training partner.
Continuing on from last time, Aoi throws herself into training with an overwhelming intensity again.
*pomphf*
*pomphf*
*bam*
The dirt at her feet flies up with every strike of her kick.
*pomphf*
*pomphf*
*bam*
The dry, dull sounds ring out around us, and the punching bag sways.
*pomphf*
*pomphf*
*bam*
"*huff, huff, huff, huff*"
She strikes the bag for three minutes, rests for one, and then strikes again for three.
I count almost ten rounds of the same cycle with no end in sight.
Sure, she's resting in one minute intervals, but there's no denying the sheer volume of training she's doing.
Aoi seems intent on continuing, despite barely being able to catch her breath.
The pace of her training is even more intense this time than last time.
No matter how you look at it, she's clearly pushing herself too hard.
She'll totally burn out before her fight with Sakashita if she keeps up this level of training.
Thinking all of that to myself, I decide to tell Aoi straight up.
However...
"I know very well that I am pushing myself far beyond my limits.
However, I want to be completely satisfied with my condition when I go in to fight against Sakashita.
I want to do all that I can so that I leave the match with no regrets, regardless of the outcome."
She says as the sweat on her forehead glistens.
"But still..."
"Please don't worry about me.
I won't push myself so hard that I burn out."
"…"
Hmm, I guess I'll have to take her word for it.
I'll just let her train to her heart's content.
Besides, an amateur like me is in no position to critique her training intensity.
She knows her body better than anyone else.
And who am I to douse the flames of her burning fighting spirit?
I rack my brain...
trying to think of how I can help her like I did last time when…
*shwoop*
"Ah!"
As Aoi throws a high kick, her pivoting foot slips and she...
*thud*
...falls flat onto the ground.
"A-Aoi!"
I rush over to her.
Aoi's sitting on the ground rubbing her butt. She must have landed on it when she fell.
"Ow..."
"Hey, you okay?"
I go to her side and hold out my hand.
"Y-Yes.
It was just a little slip…"
Aoi laughs sheepishly, grabs my hand, and then tries to get up.
But...
"Huh?!"
Her legs buckle and she loses balance.
"Ah."
Once again, she finds herself plopped on the ground.
"Aoi?"
"Oh…"
"What's wrong?
Did you hurt yourself?"
"N-No…
I-I'm okay. I'm fine.?
Aoi quickly forces herself to smile.
"You sure don't seem fine to me at all."
"It's nothing, really.
I just..."
"Just what?"
"I just can't seem to move my leg."
"Your leg?"
"…Yes."
I glance over and notice Aoi's leg trembling.
Her overworked muscles must be so fatigued that they've finally stopped doing what Aoi wants them to.
I mean, that's to be expected considering how much she's punished them.
"See? You really have been pushing yourself too hard.
You're training with your emotions and your body can't keep up.
I think you should stay down and rest for a bit."
"N-No, I'm fine."
The stubborn side of Aoi had crept in from around when she told me not to worry about her.
She tries to force herself to stand up again.
But...
"Ah, ack!"
The moment she puts any weight on her leg, it buckles and she ends up sitting on the ground again.
"Look, I told you not to push yourself so hard!
You'll actually hurt yourself if you keep that up!"
I scold her because she refuses to listen, making Aoi jump.
Whew...
Once Aoi gets into her head, she just can't be stopped.
I don't know if that's one of her strong or weak points, though.
Being serious and focused on a goal is a great asset to have, but having that push her into stubbornness is a bad habit.
I guess I can understand why she feels anxious about staying still, especially with the pressure from Sakashita.
"What am I going to do with you?
Come on, stretch out your leg."
"What?"
I crouch down, pick up Aoi's ankle, and pull on it.
And then...
"Sorry, just bear with me."
I take off her shoes.
"S-Senpai?!"
"It's okay. Relax."
I take off her sock, grab her shin, and bend her knee to push it up.
"U-Um...
A-Agh…"
A meek look descends upon Aoi's face.
Her knee shakes violently.
"The most efficient way to recover from fatigue is to do light stretches, right?"
"Y-Yes, but..."
"I'll do the stretches that I learned in PE class.
I'm going to stretch your leg, so relax your muscles."
"O-Okay."
I slowly pull her leg and then stretch it.
With her leg outstretched, I proceed to press my hand against the sole of her foot and then bend her toes towards her.
This helps to stretch her Achilles tendon and calf muscles.
"…Agh."
Aoi grimaces and exhales a little.
I bend her knee and stretch it.
Bend and stretch.
I do this stretching exercise about ten times before bending her toes back again like before.
After a minute of the same exercises, Aoi's knee gradually began to stop trembling.
"How do you feel?
Better?"
"Oh, yes. Much better..."
Aoi nods, still looking tense.
"Alright.
While I'm at it…"
I place my hands on Aoi's calf and squeeze a little.
"Ah!"
"I'll massage your leg."
I start to massage Aoi's calf.
"Oh, um, Senpai... Uh..."
Aoi looked unsure.
"Now, now, just relax.
I'm great at massages. It's one of my fortes."
"R-Really?"
"Yup."
My dad used to always make me give him shoulder massages when I was a kid.
And so, I continue.
"...Agh."
I massage Aoi's leg from her foot to her knee, focusing on her calf.
My hands knead at her skin.
I loosen up her burning hot and stiff muscles.
I move in long, smooth strokes.
Using my thumb, I target the pressure points on the sole of her foot.
Aoi was tense from nerves at first, but she gradually begins to relax and the awkward stiffness from her body melts away.
Wait a second.
Because I'm massaging her, Aoi's being forced to take a break whether she likes it or not.
Nice. This is perfect.
I'll try to take up as much time as I can to force this stubborn little hard-worker to rest.
And with that, I begin to give her a proper message session.
My hands continue, moving with rhythmic, repetitive motions.
"U-Um, Senpai, I think we should finish up soon..."
"You don't like this?"
"What?"
"I thought I was good at massages..."
"Oh, um. No,
th-this feels great."
"Really?"
"…Yes."
"Then I'll keep going for a little longer."
I say, resuming my massage.
"Ah…"
Aoi lets out a little gasp.
"I can't do much else for you, but I want to help you as much as I can."
"…Senpai."
"So let me do this just for a little longer."
"…"
"Okay?"
"Okay.
Thank you very much."
Aoi nods, albeit somewhat bashfully.
