（葵　回数イベント９）
Fine.
It's time for the martial arts club. Off I go!
Aoi's been working her butt off extra hard lately, so I gotta help
her out, even if it's just a bit.
*bsh* *dssh* *bam*
*bsh* *dssh* *bam*
The crisp sounds of strikes run out followed by moments of silence.
Where are those sounds coming from? Aoi, obviously.
She's getting some attacking drills done.
Aoi had only just started practice, but she's already going hard,
as usual.
It's an intense training session to prepare for her fight against
Sakashita.
Sweat sprays from her body.
The punching bag sways violently.
I can tell that her motivation is burning hotter than last time and
the time before that.
　バシッ、
バシィッ！
　バシッ、
バシィッ！
A double roundhouse-kick combo.
A front leg mid kick followed immediately by a high kick with the
back leg.
Her kicks snap like a whip and explode on impact.
Such power.
I completely forgot about my own training, completely drawn into
the sight playing out before me.
Her combos make for a more practical training session.
Attacks are always performed in combos in an actual fight.
Combos of at least two attacks are the norm.
Through a string of attacks, blocks, and feints, you pick apart
your opponent's defense as you try to open up a gap to land an
effective blow.
It is vital that you practice how to naturally perform effective
combos while picturing yourself in a real fight.
...That's what Aoi once said to me.
Aoi's lightweight yet explosive combinations are incredibly fast.
Her signature one-two jab followed by a roundhouse kick is
particularly lightning fast and sharper than a knife.
She seems so fast from the distance where I'm standing, that I
can't imagine how speedy her attacks would be up-close in a real
fight.
An amateur like me probably wouldn't even have time to react.
Hmmm...
I'm reminded again of just how different Aoi's skill level is to
mine.
*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*
*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*
Aoi adds a one-two jab to the double roundhouse kick combo from
before.
A mid kick followed by two jabs and then a high roundhouse kick.
In an actual fight, she would use the two punches after the initial
kick as feints against her opponent to stop them from getting into
her in-step and then land a kick on the side of their head.
Since the roundhouse kick is a side attack on a curved plane,
there's no way she can stop an opponent from charging straight at
her.
This combination includes a one-two jab to make up for that
weakness.
*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*
*bsh* *dssh* *bsh* *bam*
Next she does a low kick followed by a one-two jab and then a
roundhouse kick.
　これを実戦的にシミュレートすれば、まず、ももへのローキックで相手の意識を下に集中させ、そのままいっきにインステップからのワンツー、畳みかけるように上段回し蹴りが炸裂するわけだ。
Almost all of Aoi's combinations include a high roundhouse kick,
which is not surprising considering it's her signature move.
Fast, sharp, well controlled, and also powerful.
It's a real knockout kick.
A must as a combo finisher.
Yeah, it's pretty sweet!
I happen to look at my watch.
Thirty minutes have passed since her last break.
"Hey, Aoi? I think it's time for a break. You've been destroying
that bag for almost half an hour."
"What? That much time has already passed?"
"It sure has. If you don't take a break now you'll end up in a tired
mess on the ground like last time."
"Oh, yes. You're right..."
　オレたちは、木の下に腰をおろした。
"Here's your towel."
"Oh, thank you..."
Aoi takes the towel and wipes the sweat off her brow.
She proceeds to stretch her arms and legs before flopping down like
a marionette with its strings cut.
"*huff, huff, huff*"
She seems like she's used up all of her energy again.
If I hadn't said anything, she might've continued striking the
punching bag until she collapsed.
Honestly now...
Aoi's got the focus of a hawk.
Normally, that would be considered a strong point, but it turns
into a weakness when it pushes her to dive into training so hard
that she forgets the limits of her body.
I found that out for myself last time.
I've been chiming in for her to take a break at the right time ever
since.
Aoi has been listening to me ever since that incident, so there
hasn't been any drama yet.
Still, I can't shake the worry over how hard she's been training
lately.
Aoi never decides on a training regimen and generally trains on the
fly.
So I find it hard to get an inch in when she says that she's having
a good day and throws herself into a particularly intense training
session.
She's had a string of good days lately, so her intensity keeps
building with each session.
Even though I try to get her to take regular breaks, she's
increased her overall workload, which also means her body is
subjected to more and more stress.
I honestly think she's pushing herself way too hard and that she'll
burn out if she keeps this up.
Should I let her be?
No, I can't.
I think to myself for a while.
Once I notice that Aoi's breathing is back to normal, I decide to
broach the subject with her.
「なあ、葵ちゃん」
"I see."
"I've been thinking that we should put together a proper training
regimen for you to follow."
「えっ」
"You've been training on the fly this whole time, right? There's no
real set time for you to rest or anything."
"Huh?"
"I know I might be worrying for nothing, but I feel uneasy watching
you train."
"Uneasy?"
"Yeah.
坂下との一件以来、なんていうか、意気込みだけが空回りしてるって感じでさ、ペースとかどんどん上がる一方だし」
"Just take professional baseball players for example.
A lot of them hurt themselves during training and can't play in actual games.
I'm worried that might happen to you too."
"I read in a book yesterday that it's more effective to train in
several set blocks rather than until you're completely exhausted."
"...Well, yes...I do agree with that."
"Then wouldn't that be better? We should put together a proper
training regimen to do just that."
"After a short pause...
"...Yes."
Aoi agrees without hesitation, surprisingly.
I'm not sure why, but she proceeds to chuckle in a somewhat forced
manner.
"Hm? What's up?"
"It feels as though the tables have been turned."
"The tables?"
"I was the one who promised to teach you at the start, but it now
seems as though you are the one who is looking after me now..."
"Yeah, I guess..."
I laugh awkwardly too.
"But that's to be expected, I think. You've got the fight with
Sakashita coming up, so I gotta help you train."
「先輩…」
Aoi's eyes soften as she looks at me.
"Thank you very much. I feel as though I have found myself a very
dependable trainer."
"A trainer? Me?"
"...I will.
だって練習のサポートとか、コンディションの管理までしてくれるし」
"Haha! Having an amateur like me as your trainer would smother all
that talent you have."
I laugh.
"No, that's not true!"
Aoi's surprisingly adamant about dismissing what I say.
"You are genuinely concerned about me, so I feel like if I'm with
you then..."
「え…」
"Oh. G-Gosh! What am I even saying?"
Aoi suddenly appears to snap back to reality and cups her bright
red cheeks with her hands.
"Aoi..."
"After a little while...
"Okay, I got it!"
I slap Aoi on the shoulders.
"I'll manage your training sessions from now until the day of your
fight against Sakashita."
Then, I speak.
「え？」
"I'll be shifting gears from student to trainer for a bit. I mean,
that might just be a loose title since all I can do is help you
with training and manage your regimen."
「先輩…」
"How does that sound to you? No pressure. I won't do it if you don't
want me to."
"That's okay...
　
もちろん迷惑なんかじゃないです！」
Aoi stands up and says.
"Thank you very much. If you are willing to do so then I would very
much like to ask you to take on that role."
"Then that settles it."
I stand up too.
"Okay, let's put together a proper training regimen like I mentioned
earlier. We'll follow it from here on out so that we can control
your pace."
「はい、わかりました」
"I'm an amateur trainer, but I hope we can work together on this."
"Yes, I look forward to it."
And with that, I become Aoi's trainer to help support her training
sessions.
