（葵　回数イベント１１）
Alright! Guess I'll head over to the martial arts club.
…But first, I need to fill up my empty stomach.
The cafeteria sells sandwiches, even on Saturdays.
It stocks them mostly for the sports club members who have training in the afternoon.
And I happen to be said member.
I get my usual golden combo of a pork cutlet sandwich and a sausage roll before stopping by a vending machine on the way to the shrine to buy a cafe au lait.
"Yo."
"Oh! Good morning, Senpai."
Aoi arrives before me and gives me her usual cheerful greeting.
She's in the middle of doing her stretches to loosen her body.
It's already past midday, yet she still says "good morning." What the heck?
I sit down and take the pork cutlet sandwich out of the paper bag.
"I haven't had lunch yet so excuse me while I eat it here."
"Go right ahead. I don't mind."
Aoi says as she continues her stretches.
I open the packet and chomp into my pork cutlet sandwich.
*munch, munch, munch*
"...By the way, have you heard anything from Sakashita since that day?"
I ask, taking another big bite of my sandwich.
"Not yet."
"Not yet?
What's her deal?
She said she'd let you know, and you haven't heard a peep from her yet?"
"Yes...
Yoshie,
I mean, Sakashita must be busy with her karate club commitments."
"You don't think she's suddenly gotten scared of how strong you might be, do you?"
"A-Absolutely not!

That's completely out of the question."
Aoi says as she waves her hands to dismiss my ridiculous question.
"I have never beaten Sakashita in a fight before,
so there is no way she would be afraid of me with that track record."
"R-Really?"
"Yes."
Aoi nods.
"Out of curiosity... Is Sakashita seriously strong?"
"Yes,
incredibly so.
Ayaka happened to train at the same dojo at the time as well so she didn't quite stand out so much, however."
"Ayaka...?"
I ask as I rip the paper wrapper of the sausage roll.
"Oh, Ayaka is someone who used to train at the same dojo as me. She's who I aspire to be..."
I sense some bashfulness as she trails off.
"Huh. Someone you aspire to be,
eh?"
Ayaka.
I've heard that name a few times before.
I think she's the girl who was the reason Aoi got into martial arts and also why she switched from karate to Extreme.
Despite the number of times I've heard her name mentioned, I've never actually met her before.
Ayaka.
I've heard that name a few times before.
I think she's the girl who was the reason Aoi got into martial arts and also why she switched from karate to Extreme.
The name makes me picture Ayaka Kurusugawa, the little sister of someone I know, but there's no way it's the same person.
Ayaka's a pretty common name, after all.
"Ayaka was always first and Yoshie always came second in tournaments.
I would rank far lower than them."
"Far lower?"
"Yes, FAR lower."
She makes an effort to emphasize just how low-ranked she was.
"But that was way back in the day, right?
You've trained a whole lot since then."
"Yes,
I have."
"Then you'll be fine.
I see how hard you work every day,
so I'm sure you've reached Sakashita's level."
I stab the straw into my cafe au lait and take a sip.
"But Sakashita may have improved just as much, or maybe even more in the same time."
Ack.
Sh-She does have a point.
"Let me ask you this then, Aoi.
How confident do you feel about winning against Sakashita?"
I ask as I move the straw away from my mouth.
"My confidence...
in winning?"
"Yeah, like your predicted chance of winning."
"…About ten percent."
"What?!"
"...That's what I'd like to say, but I honestly believe my chances are a little higher."
"G-Geez, don't scare me like that."
"…I had always looked up to Ayaka and Sakashita, so I studied their fighting styles very closely.
As a result of that, I generally know their habits and rhythms, so that should increase my chances of winning."
"Ooh, that's pretty reassuring…
So what do you actually think your chances of winning are?"
"Objectively, about 30 percent, I think."
Aoi says as she looks down.
"Thirty percent...
That's still a pretty harsh assessment."
"Yes,
I believe that's fairly accurate.
There are just too many unknowns in the upcoming fight…"
"Unknowns?"
"Such as how much I have changed since switching to Extreme style or how much actual fight experience Sakashita has gained since..."
"Things we won't know until the fight, right?"
"Right."
Aoi gives a slight nod.
But then she lifts her head right away.
"However…"
She speaks with a twinkle in her eye.
"I will go into the fight with the mindset that I will 100 percent win the fight!"
That bubbly, shining look on her face.
Now that's the Aoi I know.
"You said it!
That's the spirit!"
I say as I finish my lunch and ball up the wrapper.
"Okay, let's sink our teeth right into some training to prep for the fight!
Your chances of winning increase with every minute and second of hard work you put in!"
"Right!"
"Alright, as usual, I won't go easy on you!"
"Okay, I'm ready!"
And so, our intense training session begins.
