（マ
ルチ　日付イベント１　出会いイントロ）
（４月１２日　１時間目の休み時間）
（廊下１）
I leave the classroom to go buy a drink when I come across Masashi and Shiho chatting in the hallway.
"Yo. What are you guys talking about?"
"Oh, <name>.
Shiho was just telling me about those robots that everyone's been talking about lately."
"What robots?"
"You haven't heard?

Robomaids."
"Oh, I've heard of Robomaids."
Maid robots are general-purpose androids that suddenly exploded in popularity,
and have become commonplace these past few years.
They're handy helper robots that look like humans and are used in places like households, offices, and the like. It's almost odd to not to find one around.
Out in town, they're probably as common as seeing imported cars driving around the place. If you head over to distributors operated by the robot-makers, then you will see the latest models displayed in the shopfront windows, and you might even be served by one.
Just the other day I happened to go to a local robot-maker showroom and drank some coffee made by a Robomaid.
Robomaids these days are really well made.
You can't even tell the difference between one and a human at first glance.
It's not uncommon to thank a human lady only to realize that it's a Robomaid.
Advancements in technology sure are impressive.
The term "Robomaid" was originally coined to refer to female household models, but it's now become a generalized term commonly used to refer to all general-purpose androids.
There are now a whole variety of Robomaid models on the market, but they haven't been around for long. In fact, only several years have passed since the first model was developed.
They were initially developed by a Japanese medical equipment maker, with strong government support, as robots designed to assist in-home caregivers caring for bedridden elderly individuals.
The unrefined, mechanical design they had then was a far cry from what they're like today. They were merely lumps of machinery.
Following requests from patients receiving their care, they gradually became more human-like and had more functions added to them such as cooking and cleaning—developing into the Robomaids of today.
It was only several years ago that the average person could only dream of affording a high-end machine like a Robomaid, but as competition from other makers grew and mass-production became feasible, the price has now dropped to the equivalent of buying two cars-well within reach of the average white-collar worker if they saved up for a bit.
Today,
both domestic and international manufacturers offer a wide array of models,
and the industry has grown to rival cars and computers in economic impact.
"We're getting a Robomaid."
That was something you'd only hear in your dreams a mere three or four years ago, but with the dizzying speed that computer technology advances, it has now become a reality in the blink of an eye.
"Why are you talking about Robomaids?"
Shiho seems shocked at my question.
"Don't tell me you don't know?"
She chuckles mockingly.
"What's it to you?
Did someone buy a Robomaid or something?"
"No.
Honestly, you're always so slow to pick up on the latest news.
Fine. I guess I, the adorable Shiho, will use my precious time to tell you too@"
"Adorable Shiho"? Please.
"There's a Robomaid amongst the freshmen right now.
They're here on a test run as a student.
It's Kurusugawa's latest prototype."
"Huh. That's news to me."
"How did you not know? EVERYONE knows. Are your ears filled with wax or something?"
"You just pick up on news faster than others.
I bet you didn't know either, right, Masashi?"
"No, I heard the rumors."
"See?"
...Filthy traitor.
"Seriously. There's being late to the party and then there's not even showing up at all."
Yeah, yeah. Whatever.
I pretend not to hear her.
"So why'd they choose our school to conduct the testing of their Robomaid?"
I ask Masashi.
"So,
the thing is…"
"You're as thick as a post.
The prototype is the latest creation by Kurusugawa Electronics, the pioneer of the Robomaid.
The Kurusugawa Group helps to fund our school, so of course they're using it for their test."
"Nobody asked you."
"Oh? I was just talking to myself@"
…Tch.
Talk about an annoying start to the day.
"…We've got psychic powers, martial arts, and now a robot?
The freshmen this year are full of surprises, eh."
"They sure are."
"I wouldn't be surprised if an alien dropped by in their UFO over and enrolled too."
"Oh, yeah! While we're talking about new students, I heard there's a new girl at Terajo Academy. The idol Rina Ogata…"
I end up getting stuck listening to Shiho ramble about a whole bunch of shady-sounding rumors.
