（マルチ　
出会いイベント）
（４月１２日　２時間目の休み時間）
（渡り廊下）
It's the second period break.
I don't get to buy a drink because I'm stuck listening to Shiho's stupid rumors.
Geez, she could talk the ear off a corn stalk if you let her.
Ugh, there's no stopping her.
*clunk*
I buy my usual cafe au lait from the vending machine.
While I'm climbing up the stairs with the straw to my coffee on my lips on the way back to class...
"
Oop…
Ack…
Gah."
I notice a female student climbing up the stairs with a dangerously wobbly gait.
She's carrying two heavy-looking boxes stacked atop each other.
It seems like she can't see her feet well and is slowly climbing each step on her tiptoes, making sure not to trip.
She doesn't look stable at all.
Right as I think that…
*clonk*
"Ah!"
As if she was waiting for the right time, she trips and falls.
"Ah,
ahhh,
ahhhhhhhhh…"
Her body sways violently as she attempts to regain balance. She eventually can't stay upright any longer and falls backwards.
"Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The girl flaps her arms desperately as she falls.
I rush over and manage to catch her.
"
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Hup!"
*pomphf*
*doomphf*
*doomphf*
*doomphf*
*doomphf*
…
The two boxes tumble down the stairs making hefty sounds along the way.
I somehow manage to catch the girl and prevent any injuries.
"Whew..."
Just in the nick of time.
I had an inkling she would fall, so I'm glad I kept an eye on her.
If I hadn't,
"
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
I wouldn't have been able
"I'm
faaaaaaaaaaaaaalling!"
to catch her in time so perfectly.
"Oh
nooooooooooooooooooo!"
Hang on now.
"How long are you gonna fall for?"
"…Oh.
Wait…
Huh?!"
The female student, who's covering her face with her hands while I cradle her in my arms, blinks her big eyes in confusion.
She looks up with a blank expression.
As I peer down at her she stares back at me for a few seconds.
"…
…
…"
"Ohmygoshohmygosh!"
She leaps out of my arms in a panic.
"I'm
s-s-s-s-s-s-so
sorry!"
Her first words are a messy stammering apology.
"I-I-I-I'm s-s-so clumsy. I'm always, ALWAYS messing up and causing trouble to others…"
"Whoa, hey, calm down a little."
I say.
"Oh, um, okay!"
She nods and gulps.
"…"
"Well?
Have you calmed down?"
"Y-Yes."
She nods.
"Anyway, I'm glad you're not hurt.
Good thing I was around, eh."
"Oh, thank you very much!"
She bows like a little doll.
"…Hm?"
I look at her head as she bows deeply and notice something.
"Those things on your ears…"
"Huh?"
There are a pair of big, white metal covers on her ears.
They stuck out from the back of her head like big headphones.
"What are those?"
"Oh, these?
They function as sensors."
She grins.
"S-Sensors?"
"Yes,
but I've apparently been fitted with them so that people don't mistake me for a human."
"So that people don't mistake you...?"
I cut myself off as I start to realize what she's saying.
If she has sensors on her ears and she's not a human, then that means...
"Are you the new Robomaid model being tested at the school right now?"
"Yes,
that would be me."
She says with a big smile.
"Sorry, I forgot to introduce myself.
I am Model HMX-12, a general-purpose android who will be attending school with everyone else here.
I only have another week left, but I hope it will be a pleasant one for us all."
She bows deeply again.
So it is her.
"HM...what was it again?"
"Model HMX-12.
That is my test number.
If you find that difficult to remember, you can call me Multi."
"Multi?"
"Yes,
the engineers all call me that.
I hear that's what my product name will be eventually."
The Robomaid… Multi says, speaking with a carefree smile.
"Would you be so kind as to tell me your name?"
"Oh,
me?"
"Yes."
"I'm <family> <name>, a junior in Class B."
"<name>-san?
That's a lovely name."
"Is it?"
"Yes, it's very lovely."
…Hmm.
Multi's a Robomaid, but it sounds like she knows how to say things just to be polite.
Guess you'd expect that from the latest model.
I mean, she's probably been programmed to say that whenever she asks someone for their name.
"Hmmm…"
I inspect Multi very closely.
"…"
"Interesting…"
"…"
"Huh…"
"...U-Um, is there a problem?"
"No, I was just admiring your new features as the latest model.
You're really well made.
I can't tell you apart from a human at all."
"I'm pleased to hear that.
They selected the best robot technology to create a Robomaid as humanlike as possible. That was the idea behind my development, apparently."
"Huh, interesting.
It's true, though. You look exactly like a human."
"Thank you very much!"
"Geez, technology just keeps getting better and better."
I'm highly impressed.
Many Robomaids these days are hard to differentiate from humans at first glance.
But Multi is particularly realistic and looks exactly like a human.
She speaks in a regular cadence and her facial expressions are very natural.
Other Robomaids I've come across have a doll-like aspect to them, but Multi is different.
I honestly wouldn't know that she's a robot if she didn't have those covers (sensors, I think?) on her ears.
Maybe she's just a regular girl with covers on her ears pretending to be a Robomaid?
She's so realistic that this thought crosses my mind.
So she's the latest model, huh.
"You're a pretty clumsy new model if you're falling down the stairs like that."
I tease Multi lightly and she gives me a sheepish smile.
"...Indeed.
I am the latest model, but I seem to mess up a lot.
I've been made with so many advanced functions, yet look at me... I'm a disgrace to my engineers."
However, Multi doesn't let that get her down.
"But I'm going to do my best and make up for my shortcomings with hard work."
She beams.
Now that's a robot with a positive outlook on life.
"Ah!"
Multi suddenly yells.
"What's wrong?"
"I just remembered! I was in the middle of doing a task.
I need to take those boxes to the print room."
She hurries over to the boxes strewn on the floor and picks one up with a big heave.
After placing the first box onto the second box, she attempts to pick them both up at once.
"Hrrrnnngghh;"
Multi clenches her teeth to summon every ounce of strength.
I tap her on the shoulder.
"Yes?"
"...Step aside."
"Huh?"
"It'll be take-two of the mess just now if you try to take them both at once.
Hup!"
I pick up the two boxes stacked on top of each other.
"Oh…"
They're boxes filled with printer paper.
Even I, with my manly arms, find carrying the two boxes at once pretty heavy.
"To the print room, was it?"
"G-Gosh, I couldn't let you do that.
I'll take those.
It doesn't make sense for a human to help a robot."
"But you're a girl, right?
It's a guy's job to help out a girl in need."
"What?"
"C'mon, let's go."
"Um, <name>-san!"
They're kinda heavy, but I carry the boxes to the print room for her.
"Um, thank you so much.
Not only did you save me from falling, but you also carried those heavy boxes for me..."
"Heh. It was nothing, really."
To be completely honest, my arms are pretty shot.
"Our roles have been switched."
"Huh?"
"I'm a robot that was made to be of assistance to humans, yet..."
"Sure, you're a robot, but you've got your strengths and weaknesses.
Since you're a girl robot, you're not made for heavy lifting.
You should help people out with what you're good at.
What do you specialize in?"
"I wouldn't say that I'm good at it, but I love cleaning!"
"Yeah?
Then you should give it your all doing that."
"Ooh, yes! You're right!"
Multi smiles from ear to ear.
*ding, dong, ding, dong*
The bell rings to signal the start of class.
"Whoops, class is starting.
I'll catch you later,
Multi!"
"Okay, <name>-san.
Until we meet again!"
I wave goodbye to Multi and leave.
So that's Kurusugawa's new Robomaid model, eh?
"…"
But she's kind of a strange robot.
