（マルチ　日付イベント３）
（４月１５日の夕方）
（ゲーセン）
I stop by the arcade on the way home from school to kill some time.
After playing for a bit and using up all of my coins, I leave the arcade and notice a familiar face on the way to the bus stop.
I stop by the arcade on the way home from school to kill some time.
After playing for a bit and using up all of my coins, I leave the arcade and notice a familiar face on the way to the bus stop.
Those distinct ear covers.
That tiny body which you wouldn't think belongs to a high-schooler.
It's Multi.
"Hey, Multi!"
"Hm?"
Multi hears me call out to her and looks my way.
"Oh, <name>-san!"
She looks at my face, beams, and then jogs over to me.
"Hey, what's up?
On the way home?"
"Yes, I was waiting for the bus."
"The bus?
You take the bus to school?"
"Yes.
The bus here goes directly to Kurusugawa Electronics."
"Oh, so you always go home to the lab?"
"Yes.
The Number Seven Research Development Lab of the HM Development Department in the Kurusugawa Central Laboratory is my home."
"…I see."
And then…
"Hm?"
I notice an unfamiliar face standing next to Multi.
"Hm?
Who's this?"
The high-school girl in uniform next to her has the same large ear covers.
That must mean she's one too.
"Oh, this is..."
"Model HMX-13. Also known as Serio.
Pleased to meet you."
The girl who calls herself Serio gives a slow and polite bow.
There's no doubt about it. She's a Robomaid, just like Multi.
"Are you a friend of Multi's?"
I ask.
"Yes.
She's my friend and we also have a sisterly relationship."
Multi answers.
"She's wearing the
Terajo
Terajo
Academy uniform..."
"Yes.
Serio attends Terajo Girls Academy for testing."
"Wow, that prestigious girls' high school?"
"Yes.
It's the perfect school for Serio because she's so talented."
"I didn't know there were other Robomaids attending schools for testing too."
"Yes.
Schools are the most suitable place for testing functions aimed at working in general society…
Or so I hear."
"I guess that makes sense."
"The engineers told us to talk to and be of help to many people.
They said there would be plenty of people in schools who would give us various tests."
"I see."
"…And that's why Serio, who was developed at the same time as me, and I go to school."
"She was developed at the same time as you?
Ohhh, so that's why you're sisters."
"Yes,
but she's far more capable than me. You wouldn't think that we were developed at the same time."
"What makes her so good?"
"Well,
her greatest feature is that she can use satellites,
and, uh…"
"I am able to receive signals from satellites."
Serio explains..
"What does that mean?"
"It's a service that allows me to receive data from Kurusugawa's massive database via satellites and add it to my memory."
"And what about that feature is so impressive?"
"By receiving data from satellites, Serio can become a professional at a range of occupations in no time."
"What do you mean?"
"Say a user would like me to cook something for them. I can search for it straight away and receive the recipe data via satellites.
That would make me capable of cooking that dish at the level of a top-class restaurant."
"Interesting."
"Kurusugawa's database has approximately 8,000 recipes from 120 countries around the world stored in it, and that is merely the cooking section alone."
"So just having Serio in your home would mean that you don't have to go to an expensive restaurant."
"Now that's impressive."
"There are other uses too. She could receive studying data to become a super top-class tutor, or you could ask her to go shopping for you and she can get everything by taking the most efficient route."
"Whoa, that's amazing.
She's rendering all the Robomaids of the past useless."
"...That's right.
Compared to Serio, I'm useless.
I'm hopeless at cooking, and I get lost if I'm sent out on an errand.
Serio would never have to call from the station to get a lab worker to come pick her up..."
Serio pats Multi on the shoulder when she starts to speak negatively about herself.
"…"
A friendship blossoming between two robots, huh.
"That's why Serio was the robot who garnered the most attention at the Robot Show this spring."
"Wow. So why are you being tested at the same time as Serio, who you say is such an amazing robot?"
"The better, more capable robot out of us two will become the next flagship product."
"Which means you and Serio are rivals then?"
"Yes, but I feel as though we are more friends than rivals,
even if the development process suggests otherwise."
"You're both friends and rivals.
That's a nice relationship to have."
"But Serio is the better robot no matter how you look at it.
I'm just..."
"No, I think you're plenty good.
The Haruki family in my neighborhood have a Robomaid of their own. It's one of those super early models, and it looks like a box with wheels. Really clunky."
"That must be one of my predecessors.
What is it like?"
"It's an early model, so it doesn't have many functions and always messes up. Mrs. Haruki yells at it all year round."
"…"
"When it apologizes, it says, 'I AM VERY SORRY' in a really robotic voice. Although, that just ends up infuriating her even more.
Apparently she kicks the crap out of it every day."
"O-Oh my…"
"Then its self-defense function kicks in and it says, 'PLEASE STOP IMMEDIATELY.'
She hates it when it says that, so she just ends upkicking it even more."
"Th-That's horrible."
"It says 'PLEASE STOP IMMEDIATELY' with every kick,
so she gets angrier and angrier, and kicks it again.
Then it says 'PLEASE STOP...
'—it's an endless cycle."
"Gosh…;"
"But the robot's sturdier than a boulder. Its body is all beat-up, but it still runs like clockwork.
She can't bring herself to throw it away because she's still paying off the 8-million-yen loan she took out to buy the thing—and that really ticks her off.
You're super-advanced compared to that thing."
"...O-Oh my goodness. I'll try harder.
I'll do my very best, so please don't treat me roughly."
"M-Multi...?"
Without me even realizing it, Multi starts to cry. She sniffles and heaves.
"Hey, I didn't mean you'd end up like that.
I was just telling you about other robots out there to make you feel better and prove that you're not useless..."
"*sniffle*"
"A-And, you know what? Despite how she treats it, Mrs. Haruki actually gets along with the robot pretty well."
"R-Really?"
"She sure does.
So please stop crying."
"O-Okay…"
・
・
・
・
・
Not long after, the bus arrives, and the two robots hop on to head home to the lab.
Something about seeing two robots happily going home together brings a smile to my face.
As a person observing from the outside, they look like an honor student and dunce duo.
"Heh..."
Multi really does seem more like a human than Serio, though.
Maybe she's the latest model in that regard?
