（マルチ　好感度イベン
ト３）
（好感度が　のとき）
（昼休み）
（食堂）
The student store becomes a tiny battlefield at lunch time.
Bloodthirsty savages with bloodshot eyes attack like a swarm
unleashed to be the first to feast on the delicious sandwiches.
Masashi and I successfully procure the goods in question just
before the onslaught begins.
"Man, the battle for food is rough."
I watch the brutal battle unfold before me as I take a bite of a
pork cutlet sandwich that the savages are longing so desperately
for.
"A winner with his spoils just sitting back and enjoying the show,
eh?"
Masashi has also gotten his hands on the sandwich he was after.
The battle intensifies and rages on.
Freshman, juniors, and seniors. Guys and girls. It doesn't matter
on this battlefield.
Snarling barbarians wade through swarms of people to grab their
sandwiches of choice.
"They really should've planned their course of attack better."
A relaxed smile spreads across my face as I feign exasperation.
　カツサンドの包み紙をくしゃくしゃにして、ぽいっとゴミ箱に捨てたとき──。
「すっ、すみませ～ん。
カツサンド２個と、カレーパン１個と、やきそばパン１個と──」
I hear a familiar voice amongst the raging battlefield.
「えっと、クリームパン１個と、ウィンナーロールが…ええっと、２個と、──あうっ！」
And who gets launched out from the bloodfest? Multi, that's who.
Not letting the knockback discourage her, she reaffirms her resolve
and leaps back into the crowd.
「──ウ、ウィンナーロールが２個とジャムパン１個と、クマのぬいぐるみ１つ！」
"Go do your shopping at a department store!"
"Huh? Wh-What?!"
Multi gets a chilly reception from the lady at the student store.
"There's no point in reading out your little list! You grab it first
and it's yours! Those are the rules here!"
"O-Okay! Understood!"
Even their little back-and-forth gets stamped out by the uproar of
the raging battle.
Looks like Multi's been turned into an errand girl.
"Um... This one, this one, this one, and..."
*whump*
「あうっ；」
Multi gets bumped and is thrown out of the swarm again.
"Aww..."
Yet she refuses to give up and wriggles back into the battle.
"Um, uhh... This one, this one, this one, this one, and..."
*whump*
「あうっ；」
*whump*
「ああうっ；」
　どんっ！
「あああうううっ；」
「…うぅっ、か、買えませぇぇ～～～～ん；」
Tch. Guess a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
I can't watch this any longer.
"Hey, Multi."
「ああうぅ…、<name>さん…」
"C'mon, gimme that list."
"Ah..."
I take the list of orders out of Multi's hand.
「なになに？
　カツサンドとカレーパンと、
──クマのぬいぐるみ？
　ったく、ふざけやがって！
　好き放題書いてやがる。
おい、マルチ、いま、どのくらい買ったんだ？」
"Just this..."
"You haven't even gotten half of what's on this list. Ugh, fine.
I'll do the rest."
「あうぅぅ…、<name>さん…」
I burst into the raging battle and gather the remaining buns and
sandwiches, albeit somewhat forcefully.
"Ma'am! I'm getting all of this and the stuff she has too."
「はいよ、えっと──２４５０円ね！」
"Hey, Multi! The money! Give me the moneeeeey!"
"O-Okay!"
*jingle, jangle*
"One, two, three... Yep, that's perfect."
I grab Multi and escape from the swarm of savages.
「あっ、ありがとうございましたーーーーーーー！
<name>さんのおかげで無事にパンが手に入りましたーーーーっ！」
She bows so deeply that her forehead is practically touching her
knees.
"I was so close to giving up... Now I can head back to my classmates
without any fear!"
「マルチ、お前、クラス連中のパシリなんかやらされてんのか？」
"Lackey?"
「使いっ走りのことだ。
いまのお前みたいに、いいように利用されてるヤツのことを言うんだよ」
"But, I'm a Robomaid, so it only makes sense for me to be of use to
everyone."
"Well yeah, but... Ugh, Robomaids are such people-pleasers. Have you
been programmed to never go against a human's orders?"
"No, I'm not programmed to do anything."
"Then why would you put yourself through such an ordeal to work for
others? Don't you think it's ridiculous?"
A smile spreads across Multi's face.
"I love working and, more importantly, I love seeing looks of joy on
people's faces. Seeing others happy makes me extremely happy."
"Honestly, I feel some feelings myself when I see Multi's smile.
I was completely under the impression that Multi worked for humans
because she's a Robomaid.
I assumed that it was a given that robots worked for humans, so
they did so without a single complaint.
But it looks like these assumptions were wrong.
Multi doesn't work because she's a Robomaid.
She works with such a bright smile on her face because she loves
humans from the bottom of her heart and genuinely wants to be of
use to them.
...I could never do anything like that.
「…<name>さん、またまた助けていただいて、ホントにありがとうございました。
<name>さんにはお世話になりっぱなしで、なんてお礼を言ったらいいか…」
"It's really no big deal. Don't mention it. More importantly, you're
heading back to your classroom now, right? I'll carry half of all
that since it's way too much for one person."
「そ、そんな、悪いです！」
"It's totally fine. I don't mind. I've already come this far so at
least let me see this out to the end."
「すみません…」
"Okay, let's go."
「あっ、<name>さん」
"Hm? What's up?"
"Um, well..."
"Well what?"
"I had to buy drinks too!"
"WHAT THE HEEEEEECK?!"
