（琴音との出会い　イントロ　選択肢Ｃ）
"I dunno..."
I give an uncertain response.
Shiho doesn't let that slide.
"Hey, what's your problem? Why are you on the fence?"
"I don't know what else you want me to say."
　なんか嘘くさいし、かといって頭ごなしに否定できる話でもないし…。
"Then how about this? Aside from the prediction, other students have
seen lots of strange things happen around her too."
"Yeah?"
"Like a window she was staring at shattering and a vase moving, all
without her touch."
"Okay, there are false rumors and then there are false rumors."
"Then how do you explain what happened at the entrance ceremony?"
"I can't. That's why I'm unsure."
"No girl's going to like you if you lack conviction like that."
"I don't mind if you don't like me. Other girls on the other hand...
that's a problem."
"That mouth of yours never stops talking. I didn't mean it like that.
If you're impressed or not convinced, then act that way. I don't
know whether to be angry or happy because you can't decide for yourself."
"Shut your pie hole. I can feel however I wanna feel."
"You're so unreasonable."
「どっちがだよ。
だいたい、お前は信じんのか？
　超能力を」
"Supernatural abilities...
　
どうかしらね～」
"See? You're undecided yourself."
"If they exist, then I'll prove their existence. Nothing more,
nothing less."
"What the heck? So you don't believe in them either."
"Have you not been listening? I-am-looking-into-it. I only popped in
with news of how that's going."
"What the heck? We splitting hairs here? How can you look into a
supernatural incident if you don't believe in supernatural powers?"
"Oh? To find out the truth about supernatural powers, of course.
That's a perfectly good reason."
Shiho is talking a good game, and that is going a long way to
impress the people around us.
My nitpicking only ends up making her sound more convincing.
Ugh, if there's one thing Shiho can do—it's talk.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever. I won't dig any further since this will never
end."
"You should be more trusting of my info from now on."
"Of course, Miss Shiho. I shall most definitely be."
I say sarcastically.
Shiho acts pleased as if she had won the argument against me.
"And that's that for my news today. I have others waiting for me so
seeee yoooou!"
She waves as she leaves the classroom.
Practically skipping out in an annoying manner.
I don't care if I won or lost the argument, but her attitude
irritates me because it makes me feel like I'd lost for a different
reason.
...However, her gossip today seems more reliable than usual.
　そのあとのガラスが割れるとかは嘘くさいけど。
　超能力少女──
姫川琴音ちゃんってどんな子なんだろうか。
Do psychic powers really exist?
