（琴音との出会い）
（
４月１１日（金）昼）
（廊下）
　昼休み。
Masashi and I sprint out of the classroom as the bell rings.
That is our strategy to win in the furious battle for sandwiches.
The student store is in the cafeteria on the first floor.
It's a 30-second run away.
"Wait for me, my precious pork cutlet sandwich!"
Not long after, the stairs enter my sight.
　オレはいつもどおりアウト・イン・アウトで階段に飛び込んだ。
*thwomp*
"Eek!"
I round the corner, and as I am about to launch into the stairs, I
bump into a girl coming up them.
"S-Sorry! Are you okay?!"
Luckily, my reflexes kick in so I dodge her and only bump her
arm—that doesn't take away from the fact that I'd just hit a girl.
　腕をぶつけただけでも結構痛いだろう。
"She nods without saying a word.
"Sorry, it was our fault for rushing."
Masashi says to her.
The girl glances at us and then looks down.
From what I can tell, her uniform seems brand new.
Come to think of it, she's that girl who came to school looking sad.
"Are you really okay? I hit you pretty hard."
"...Yes, I'm fine."
The girl says meekly.
「わりぃな」
I apologize again and then step forward to rush over to the student
store.
　そのとき──。
The girl suddenly covers her ears and crouches down on the spot.
"H-Hey! Are you alright?!"
I run over to her without a thought, but then...
"Look out! Duck!"
She suddenly yells.
It is so sudden that all Masashi and I can do is stand there frozen.
Duck?
*crash*
The window above the stairs suddenly shatters into pieces.
「な、なんだ！？」
We look up at the window in surprise.
　見ると、窓は枠を残してきれいに割れていた。
What would you need to throw to make a window break like that?
I think to myself.
But I don't have the time to be caught up in my thoughts.
I run straight over to the girl crouching over.
"Are you hurt?"
And in response...
"I... I did it again..."
She mutters as if talking to herself.
"Again"? Did she have a seizure or something?! Is she sick?!
"Okay, I'll take you to the infirmary."
I wrap an arm around the girl's shoulders and try to help her to
her feet.
But then she stands up as if nothing had happened.
"Sorry...
具合が悪いわけじゃないんです…」
She mutters.
"Then what's the deal?"
"I broke another window, so I'll go and tell a teacher... Um, and
the collision was fine. I'm not hurt."
She says as she scurries off.
Masashi and I look at each other.
"Did that girl just say she broke the window?"
"Yes?"
That would mean that she shattered the glass.
But I didn't see her throw anything at the window.
Why would she be going around breaking windows anyway?
"Heh heh heh! I saw that shocking scene."
A voice that didn't belong suddenly chimes in.
I turn around and see Shiho.
「てめえ…」
Is she going to insinuate that I bullied the girl?
"That's Kotone Himekawa, the psychic girl."
"Huh?"
"You saw how she shattered that window without even touching it, no?"
Masashi and I look at the window again.
"There is only a little bit of glass hanging onto the frame. The
rest of it is gone.
"I'm gonna have a closer look."
Masashi says as he goes down to the landing and stares at the glass
strewn about.
"What's the point in looking at the glass?"
「見てよ<name>。
なにか変なんだ」
　雅史に呼ばれ、オレと志保もいっしょに踊り場に降りた。
We look at the broken pieces and notice that, for some strange
reason, they are all about one or two inches in size—some are
perfect hexagons.
"Hmm, now THIS is what you call a supernatural phenomenon..."
Shiho says in an obviously theatrical manner.
I find the incident pretty strange myself.
That girl screamed, the window shattered, and now there are
strangely shaped bits of glass.
Supernatural powers... Poltergeist...
Which could it be?
Does that stuff even exist?
