（琴音　好感度イ
ベント）
On my way back from buying some vending machine coffee, I notice a
slight ruckus in the hallway.
There are four or five people surrounding someone in a large circle.
I approach them for a closer look.
「大丈夫？」
There is a girl in the middle of the hallway crouched down with her
head in her hands.
The other students around call out to her in concern.
"Should I call a teacher over?"
One of the onlookers approaches the girl and touches her on the
shoulder.
"No! Don't come near me!"
The girl yells.
I know who it is from her voice.
It is Kotone!
I call out to her.
"Kotone... I mean, Himekawa. Are you okay?"
"It's not safe. Don't come near me."
"Unable to approach her, I hold my breath instead.
　琴音ちゃんは、何かを必死にこらえている。
That's how it appears to me.
What's happening?!
Before I can finish my thought, everything goes silent and my ears
begin to ring.
"What's this? Can you hear that weird sound?"
The girl next to me says.
She is experiencing the same thing as me.
But what's happening?
Is Kotone behind this?
The atmosphere feels the same as the moment before something
happened in a movie or on TV.
Everybody is rendered silent.
・
・
・
Kotone suddenly glares at the ceiling.
A few others and I also look in the same direction.
*crack*
"Eeek!"
One of the girls in the circle screams.
...I see it.
The light bulb in the ceiling breaks.
But it isn't because it got hit by something.
I was watching the light bulb even before it broke.
I know for sure that it suddenly broke out of nowhere.
That kind of thing shouldn't be possible without some sort of trick.
Is that...her so-called psychic power at work?!
...Now's not the time for that.
Kotone looks at the shards of light bulb scattered across the
ground as tears well in her eyes. She starts gathering the pieces
with her bare hands.
"Kotone, you'll cut yourself!"
I try to stop her, but Kotone won't listen.
The students around her don't even attempt to help.
I have no other choice but to grab a broom and dust pan from a
nearby classroom.
I rush over to sweep the shards into the dust pan.
「すみません…」
Kotone bows with eyes full of tears.
"Kotone..."
I am at a loss for words.
Kotone goes over to the faculty room to apologize for breaking the
light bulb. I decide to go with her.
All the teacher does is look exasperated.
Because how can they explain what caused the light bulb to break?
In the end, the teacher says that the light bulb had deteriorated
over time and shattered. That is that.
Kotone is upset over breaking school property, and I don't know
what to say to her.
Maybe supernatural abilities really do exist...
If they do exist, I want to ask Kotone why she broke the light bulb,
but it definitely isn't the right time.
However, she isn't acting like someone who broke a light bulb on
purpose.
It would be pointless to break a light bulb only to feel so guilty
afterwards.
There must be some kind of explanation...
