（琴音　回数イベントキャンセル好感度イベントＰＳ）
（４／２６固定）
"Maybe I'll go grab a bite to eat somewhere..."
As I wander around the shopping arcade thinking to myself, I spot
Kotone.
"Heya, Kotone!"
I chase after her.
「あ…<family>さん、こんにちは」
Kotone bows a little.
I feel like I have nothing to lose and invite her to eat with me.
She doesn't hesitate to agree, so we head into a nearby restaurant.
As we eat and chat away, Kotone says that she wants me to watch her
practice again.
I love how passionate about practice she is.
I don't have anything better to do, so I agree to go with her.
　店を出て静かな場所──公園へと向かう。
"Okay, show me what you've got."
"...Um, sure."
　そう言って手に取ったのは野球のボール。
It is much heavier than a ping-pong ball.
"Wow, you're going to move that?"
"Yes.. Um, I'm going to move it right now, so please watch."
Kotone sounds happy.
I feel like a father whose daughter is proudly showing me a test
paper with a perfect score.
"Yeah? Don't push yourself too hard like the other day, though."
I say, blushing slightly
「はいっ」
Kotone nods and then gradually begins to focus.
I hold my breath and watch her.
"The air around us eventually falls into a frozen silence.
My ears begin to ring.
She's about to unleash her powers.
The ball very slowly, but surely enough, floats up.
It holds weakly in the air and looks as if it could fall at any
second.
Bit by bit, it floats higher and higher until it stops at Kotone's
eye level.
I think it's taken about ten seconds to rise this far...
As I am about to open my mouth to speak, the ball falls to the
ground, and Kotone exhales with force.
"Wow..."
After she completely finishes, I am finally able to say what I've
been wanting to say.
「ありがとう…ございます」
Kotone sounds a little tired.
"Is it really tough on your body?"
"Yes... But I've gotten a lot stronger compared to yesterday."
"Yeah? I think you should sit down."
I direct Kotone to the bench.
「…はい」
She nods, and I join her on the bench after picking the ball up
from the ground.
"This is seriously incredible, Kotone. You'd earn a killing if you
performed on TV."
I say with excitement.
I'm sure nobody would have a bad word to say about her if she
became a star.
"But a cloud of doubt hangs over Kotone and she looks down.
"Um... I really don't want that..."
「<family>さんのお気持ちはよくわかります…。
でも、わたしはこんな能力、無くなってしまえばいいと思ってますから…」
"Sorry.
オレ、なんか浮かれちまって…」
Kotone gently shakes her head in response.
「気にしないでください…。
わたし、ＴＶに出なくても、<family>さんのおっしゃったやり方ならきっとうまくいくって信じてますから…」
"...I'm really sorry."
She trusts me so much, yet I go and suggest something stupid like
that. I'm such an idiot!
「いいんですよ<family>さん。
…今日はわたし、頑張りますから…監督のほう、お願いします」
Kotone flashes me the biggest smile she can to try and clear the
oppressive vibe.
"Hahaha, yeah! Let's do this!"
We're not gonna get anywhere if I get all down on myself.
She shouldn't be consoling me, anyway!
"Um, okay."
　…その日の特訓は、ふたりともいつになく力の入ったもので、琴音ちゃんはもとより、オレまで結構へとへとになったほどだった。
Still, we are moving in the right direction.
We both need to keep this up so that Kotone can eventually stop her
powers from getting out of hand.
