（琴音　回数イベントＰＳ）
（選択肢　声をかける）
"Heya, Kotone."
I call out to her.
「…あ、<family>さん」
Kotone looks a bit surprised.
"What are you looking at?"
"Oh, this? It's...an invitation..."
"Yeah? To what?"
"An exhibition."
She hands the piece of paper to me.
　見ると『クリスティン・ラッセル絵画展』と書かれている。
...Looks like it's being held inside the station building.
The painting printed on the paper features dolphins and whales
swimming in a blue and purple ocean.
It is the kind of style that Kotone would love.
What's this? It's an invitation with two free tickets.
...Alright.
"Are you going with someone?"
Kotone shakes her head.
"So you're going by yourself?"
She looks as if she is about to say something, but then looks down
instead.
"You were in the middle of thinking about that, huh?"
Kotone nods this time.
"Okay, then let's go together. Right now."
"What? Really?"
"I don't mind. I'm no expert on art, but I'm sure I'll be able to
understand at least a little bit."
"Oh, okay. Thank you."
And so, we arrive at the station building.
The exhibition is on the seventh floor.
We enter the building and hop into the elevator.
*whirrrrrrrr*
The elevator ascends.
As I chat with Kotone...
*CLUNK*
"H-Huh?! A blackout?"
I exclaim.
The elevator we were in stops, and the lights go out on the way to
the seventh floor.
"Are you okay, Kotone?"
"O-Okay...
平気です…」
Kotone is fine, as expected.
What's the deal with this building?
You've got people in here!
I complain in my head for a while, but the elevator shows no signs
of moving.
...A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
I'll find something to talk about until it starts moving again...
"It's like what happens in the movies, huh. What would you do if we
were stuck here forever?"
I joke.
"That would be terrible..."
"Hahaha! Yeah, it sure would be. Maybe escaping through the ceiling
would be our best bet?"
I suggest to Kotone.
"...And climb up the cables, right?"
She somewhat awkwardly goes along with me.
It was a pretty average response, but I love it because it came
from her.
"Uh-huh! Then the elevator would start moving again while we're
climbing—that's more trouble for us!"
"I probably wouldn't survive..."
"That's not true. The heroine always lives."
By the way, I'm the hero and Kotone's the heroine in this movie.
"I'm the heroine?"
Kotone mumbles in confusion just as the lights come back on.
"Ooh, the power's back."
"...The elevator's not moving."
The lights turn back on, but the elevator still isn't moving.
We're actually stuck in here.
"Man, who runs this building? Do I gotta tell them how to do
everything around here?"
I press the "Press and Hold This Button to Contact Building
Management" button.
・
・
・
But nothing happens.
"Heeeey! We're stuck in here! Someone, let us out!"
I wait for a minute, but nobody responds.
It doesn't seem to be connected to anything.
Useless hunk of junk.
The button's supposed to be there for emergencies!
What would people do if there was a fire or earthquake?!
"...Maybe they're away from their desk?"
Kotone looks somewhat worried.
　非常時って場合じゃないので、オレたちは結構冷静だった。
"Maybe it's broken."
"Let's try banging on the door. Someone outside might hear us."
I bang on the door with my fist.
*thump, thump, thump*
*thump, thump, thump*
*thump, thump, thump*
...My hand hurts.
"Maybe that worked? I'm sure someone will quickly come and rescue us
if they heard that."
That'd be the case if we happened to stop at a floor.
It'll be pointless if we are in between floors.
　くそ…、ケータイかピッチでもあれば、外に連絡が取れるのにな。
But there's no point in wishing for something we don't have.
I give up on that thought pretty quickly.
It's times like these that call for composure and patience.
"Guess we'll just have to wait it out."
「はい」
Kotone nods, and we decide to wait for a while.
"We came all this way to look at the paintings. Just our luck, huh."
"Apparently so."
"Are you a fan of Russell's?"
「あ、はい」
"Because of the dolphins?"
I have seen her pieces in magazines and ads, and it seems like they
all feature dolphins.
"Um, I liked her use of colors at first, but then I grew to love her
even more when I found out that she specialized in dolphins."
"I thought so. That means both you and Russell love dolphins."
"She apparently respects them."
"Respects dolphins?"
"Yes. She says they have supernatural abilities."
"Really? Like you?"
"She also says that the intelligence of dolphins is equivalent to
that of supernatural abilities."
"We're talking about the same dolphins, right? How are they smarter
than humans?"
"Dolphins are said to be the most advanced animals on Earth. They
have advanced only their minds without the need for civilizations."
"Huh?
　どういう意味だ？」
"Um, so... All humans see themselves as their top priority.
Even volunteers help others because they enjoy thinking of
themselves as reputable people. That's what Russell says."
...Russell doesn't seem like the nicest person.
But what has that got to do with dolphins being smart?
"It's true that humans act based on their self interests, but I feel
as though you can't completely separate things like familial bonds
into simple gains or losses."
"I agree."
"But Russell looks down on humans in that way and says that dolphins
are smarter."
「なんで？」
"She believes that dolphins have gone beyond the level of viewing
themselves or others as bad, or seeing the good or bad in things.
They don't think in that way."
"I'm not really following."
"You feel good when you do something good, right? But what's viewed
as 'good' is only good from a human perspective. It's not
necessarily good for the Earth. That's what Russell says."
　そうか？
I don't think being kind has anything to do with the Earth.
"Humans apparently decide on their own standard of 'right and wrong'
and become infatuated with it."
"...I guess we do harp on about being kind to the Earth and then go
and cut down a bunch of trees."
That is definitely one of the selfish aspects of humans.
"Russell says that level of thinking is the extent of human
comprehension."
"I can kinda understand if you put it like that."
"She says that dolphins have evolved beyond that. They don't have
the concept of selfishness."
"So do they prioritize others?"
"I don't know... Trying to understand how dolphins think is
apparently like a monkey trying to understand how humans think."
"Geez, she says some pretty nasty things. If dolphins are humans
then we're monkeys?"
"...I guess so."
"Russell seems like a bit of a weirdo."
"But I still think that Russell is incredible because she's able to
paint such beautiful pieces through that respect she has for
dolphins."
"I guess you're right about that..."
"Many artists are often different from the average person, right?"
"What is?
…言われてみれば、天才とか芸術家とかって変なヤツが多いな」
"Many of them are."
"...In that respect, I don't want you to become an artist."
"It's fine. I'm not your average person."
"There you go again. You're not supposed to say that about yourself."
「…ごめんなさい…」
・
・
・
・
・
We killsome time chatting about random things at the start, but the
conversation doesn't last forever.
Before long, we fall silent and sit on the floor.
Kotone is worried about her skirt, but she eventually grows tired
and sits down.
How many hours have passed since the elevator stopped?
I look at my watch.
「──げっ、もう８時を過ぎてるじゃねーか」
"Kotone looks at me in surprise.
「精算とか終わったら、誰もいなくなるぞ」
Then the lights will turn off and we'll be left in the dark.
"Um... They'll come and check the elevators eventually, right?"
"Oh, yeah. They usually do inspections."
They would surely notice then.
"We'll be let out when they do, right?"
She sounds concerned.
Our situation is turning bleak.
"You'll be fine."
...But an hour passed, and then another. Still, nobody came.
"Dammit.
　誰も来ねーじゃねえかっ」
I kick the door without much thought.
「…あの、<family>さん」
She suddenly says my name in a feeble voice.
"What?"
"...Have you been finding it hard to breathe...for the last while?"
「え？
　息苦しい？
　そんなことは…って、まさか、酸素が減ってきてることか！？」
"That's...how it feels."
Kotone seems a little pale in the face.
"It's not because you're feeling under the weather from a cold or
something?"
「はい…」
"Don't be silly. I'm sure there's some kind of air vent."
I look around the elevator.
...But I can't see anything that resembles a vent.
The door is sealed pretty tight too.
There was obviously air leaking in and out, but is it enough to
sustain us?
Not good.
Really bad, actually.
"We gotta do something about this, fast."
"But what...?"
"We gotta escape from here!"
I make up my mind.
The obvious escape route? Through the ceiling.
I look at the ceiling.
It is pretty high up.
Has to be around two yards from the floor.
I can just barely touch it with my fingertips if I reach up.
It is made up of a number of panels. One with grating and others
with lights.
I gotta take these down.
The panels should be removable so that they can change the light
bulbs and stuff.
I try jumping up to push one.
*creak*
It has some give, but doesn't move.
　もう一回！
*creak*
　もう一回！
*creak*
One last hit!
*crack*
"I did it!"
I don't know if I broke what is securing the panel, but I got it to
tilt upwards.
I jump up one more time to pull off the almost-broken panel.
Once I open up a hole, the rest should be easy.
I cling onto the rest of the panels and pull them off with my body
weight.
...Then I stop.
I look at the ceiling now that I had pulled off all the panels.
There is a steel plate with lights embedded into it.
...This isn't going to work.
It is impossible to remove the steel panel without taking out the
screws.
「<family>さん…」
Kotone seems to realize that herself and simply looks up at me.
"Damn it...
このままふたりで窒息かよ？」
Just as I mutter that to myself...
The lights go out.
Not good.
Really, super, not good.
There won't be anyone left in the building!
We'll seriously be stuck in here if everyone leaves.
Out of options, shivers go up my spine.
And then...
"Somebody! Please! We're stuck in here!"
It is as if a switch had been flipped. Kotone runs to the door and
begins to pound on it.
*thump* *thump* *thump*
The sounds are weak and dull.
Completely different from when I hit the door.
Her powerlessness is depressing, filling the dark, cramped elevator
with an air of despair.
Are we...going to die?
That thought crosses my mind as I look at the terrified Kotone.
...No.
I don't want to die such a pitiful death!
If I'm gonna die, I want to at least save this girl and make sure
she lives...!
Accepting my fate, I don't care what will happen next.
That thought frees me and I feel as though an unbelievable amount
of courage wells up inside of me.
Like hell I'm gonna die in here!
"Kotone, calm down!"
I embrace Kotone.
「<family>さん…怖く…怖くないんですか…！？」
Her voice trembles.
"I'm super scared! But we're doomed if we give up now!"
"But, but..."
"Calm down. Let's calm down and think this through! There's gotta be
another way!"
My breathing starts to become more labored.
Are we running out of oxygen now?!
Damn it... Curse you, Russell.
We came here to see your stupid paintings and ended up in this
mess!
Dolphins are smart? Pfft, whatever.
How would those genius dolphins get out of this situation then,
huh?
Using their so-called supernatural intelligence to escape?
　超能力…。
Hold up!
We've got supernatural abilities right here!
"Kotone! Your powers!"
"Use your powers to break the door!"
"...I couldn't wield such power..."
"You won't know until you try!"
I know I am being unreasonable, but we don't have the time to dwell
on that.
「は、はいっ！」
Kotone frantically nods before tensing up her body and clenching
her teeth.
She is pooling all her focus like she usually does.
　そうすることで身体じゅうのエネルギーをひとつにまとめられる…らしい。
Silence...
All I can hear is my heavy breathing.
The tension and lack of oxygen make me feel like I can't breathe.
My ears begin to ring.
That is the sign that she is about to unleash her powers...
・
・
・
*THUNK*
A sudden shockwave hits the elevator, almost knocking us down.
The elevator dropped a little just now!
What about the door?!
I look and it doesn't seem any different.
"Kotone...?"
"I...I did it! But..."
"But nothing happened! Or actually, the elevator dropped! Did you
damage the cables instead of the door?!"
That won't help our situation at all.
Are we doomed?!
That's it...
"I...did...it..."
Kotone drops her head powerlessly.
"Yeah.
頑張ったよ、琴音ちゃん」
I hug Kotone.
We are out of options.
Damn it.
So much for trying to rescue the girl—I end up asking for her help...
I'm so pathetic.
"It's hopeless, isn't it?"
"...I don't wanna admit it, but yeah."
"I'm sorry, Kotone."
"...You shouldn't be... I should be the one apologizing."
"No, it's fine."
I hug Kotone tighter.
「<family>さん…」
She utters my name.
"Right."
「わたし…最後に、<family>さんに言って…おきたいことがあるんです…」
"What was that?!"
「…今まで、親切にしていただいて──」
*thump*
*thump*
*thump*
*THUNK*
"Are you kids alright?!"
・
・
・
・
・
"How does it feel to breathe in the outside air, Kotone?"
"Y-Yes...
なんだか、美味しいです」
We leave the station building and take in deep breaths.
"It feels amazing."
　まったく後で聞いてみれば、ばかばかしい話だった。
An attendant noticed that the elevator had stopped due to a faulty
cable. He tried to contact us, but the intercom was broken and
completely useless.
The priority was on fixing the elevator rather than the intercom.
They needed to bring in specialist equipment to get the elevator
running again.
The only option was to bring the machine and start repairs after
the building closed, but the jammed cable wouldn't return to its
position.
　途方にくれていた頃、誰も触れてはいないワイヤーが突然、ひとりでに動き出した。
The elevator then stopped at the nearest floor where we were let
out. That was it.
It was obviously Kotone's psychic powers that missed their target
and got the cable moving.
As for the dwindling oxygen? All in our heads.
We were having a mental crisis after being stuck in a cramped space
for so long.
Apparently, it's impossible for oxygen to run out in an elevator.
What really surprises me is how the station building managers
handled the situation.
They apparently started work on the elevator on their own without
alerting the police.
Some important person from the station building apologizes to us
and gives us a voucher for some tens of thousands of yen. We also
apologize for destroying the inside of their elevator. That is that.
Now that it's all over, it sounds like a pretty trivial incident.
"You saved us, Kotone."
"I can't believe it..."
"We have your powers to thank."
Kotone gives a slight nod.
"...Want me to walk you home?"
"No, I'm okay."
"Alright, I'll see you tomorrow."
「はい」
I wave at Kotone and then turn away.
