（琴音　回数イベント　ＰＳ）
（ハイブリッド）
As I am thinking about what I'll do when I get home, a girl walking
past me catches my eye.
She looks familiar...
It doesn't take me long to realize who it is.
Wait a minute, is that Kotone?
"Heya, Kotone!"
She had been looking down the whole time, but turns to look at me
when I call out to her.
When she realizes it is me, she bows.
"On your way home? Let's walk part of the way together."
「はい…」
　琴音ちゃんがうなずいたので、オレは彼女に並んでいっしょに歩き出した。
・
・
・
It's dead quiet...
Oh, that's right. I'm always the one starting the conversations.
I'll try bringing up a random topic.
"Hey, Kotone... Have you been really into anything lately?"
"She thinks long and hard.
"Oh, yeah! You're good at drawing, right? What kind of things do you
draw?"
"...Scenery."
She finally says a proper word.
"Scenery? Like mountains and oceans?"
"Nothing quite that big."
"Okay, nice. So what makes drawing pictures so fun?"
Here I am asking her questions like some kind of interview on TV.
It is the best I can do since I don't know much about art.
"...I like the time I spend drawing."
"The time?"
"For example, the scent of the wind or the sunshine—things you can
only experience outside. I get to feel those things when I'm
drawing, and it's amazing."
"I get that. It's like when I'm basking in the sun thinking about
nothing. That feels great too."
"Right. In my case, I'm simply moving my hands rather than gazing
off into the distance."
"Yeah? I think you're doing something way more productive than me."
"...It doesn't feel that way to me."
"Don't be like that. You should have more confidence in yourself."
「はい…」
"I'm jealous that you've got an artsy hobby. All I do on my days off
is watch TV at home or hang out around town."
"Where do you go to draw?"
"...By the river or to small parks. I don't go so often now that
I've moved here, though."
"Moved here? You used to live somewhere else?"
"Oh, yes. I'm from Hokkaido."
"Wow, really? Where in Hokkaido?"
"Hakodate."
"Yeah? I've heard of the place. What's it like there?"
"Um... It's a quiet town with a port and lots of old European-style
buildings."
"A port town that looks like it's from Europe, huh? That sounds
really picturesque."
"It is. I sometimes reminisce about it."
Kotone seems a little happy.
"Oh, you know what? We're going to Hokkaido for our school trip.
Hakodate's one of the stops too."
"Really? That's nice."
"I'll take lots of pictures while I'm over there, so I'll show them
to you when I get back."
"Yes, please do."
And so we have fun talking about Hakodate that day.
　琴音ちゃんは無口な子だと思っていたが、話してみると結構良くしゃべる子だったんだ。
I'm kind of sad that she doesn't smile a lot, but I'm having fun
talking about a bunch of things with her.
