（レミィ　好感度イベント）
（回数イベントを一つでも通過しているなら、「学校を出る」の手前に発生）
（下駄箱）
While I am changing my shoes at the shoe lockers...
「Ｈｉ！
　<kata>！」
Someone calls out my name with a distinct inflection.
A half-Japanese-half-American accent.
I know who it is.
"Hiya."
　オレは片手をあげてこたえた、が──。
「あれ？
　お前のその格好…」
I notice Lemmy in clothes that I've never seen her in before.
She notices my staring as well.
"Okay, so like... I'm a member of the Urchery Club!"
She beams.
"Urchery? Ohh, the Archery Club."
Where you aim at a target and shoot arrows with a bow.
"I'm learning about Japanese culture."
Lemmy explains why she started.
　いかにも外人って感じの理由だな…。
"When did you join the Archery Club?"
"When I started attending this school."
"Wow, so it's been about a year?"
"Yes?"
"What are your skills like?"
I casually ask.
I feel like she would really look the part standing there pulling
back her bow.
If I was to Westernize her look, I'd say she resembles a female
Robin Hood.
As I think to myself...
"Really bad. I have no idea where my arrow will end up."
Her answer is way off my target.
Maybe traditional Japanese martial arts isn't the best fit for our
California-girl Lemmy.
"Your vibe doesn't really scream 'archery.' Maybe there's something
else that's more your thing, like cheerleading or something..."
"When in Rome, do as the Romans do! While I'm in Japan, I'm gonna
study Japanese culture."
"So it doesn't matter if you're made for something or not. Then I
guess it's okay if you're doing it for fun."
"Okay.
ニッポンの文化、大好きヨ」
"Much respect."
I nod.
Seeing her love for learning (is that right?) motivates me to be
more diligent in my studies too.
...Lemmy then sighs.
"I don't like the stationary targets."
"You're not at a shooting range so they're not supposed to move."
「<kata>、わかってない。
動く的って、生きてる的よ」
「はあ？」
I recoil a little.
"Don't you think that moment when you've cornered your living prey
is so thrilling and exciting?"
Lemmy's eyes glaze over.
"What happens after you've cornered your prey?"
I ask to see where she is going.
"It gets CAUGHT by the hunter!"
"...I don't know what kind of prey you're talking about, but I feel
bad for it."
"Why?"
　きょとんとした顔で、レミィが言う。
"Why? Just because you find hunting animals thrilling doesn't mean
it's okay to kill them."
"But they're our prey—it's only natural for them to be hunted."
"Whoa, easy there, Tiger. Prey? Hunt? You're saying some pretty grim
things."
"Is it?"
「そーだよ。
…お前、『ヤガモ』って知ってるか？」
"The arrow duck? What's that?"
Lemmy doesn't seem to know about it.
　ってことは、まだ、日本にいなかった頃か？
I can't really remember when it was either, but I decide to tell
her about it anyway.
「──ずいぶん前の話だけど、どっかの馬鹿が、池の鴨を矢で撃ったんだ」
"Like a hunter?"
She asks excitedly.
"No, it wasn't like that! The arrow hit the duck, but it wasn't a
fatal shot. The duck continued living with the arrow stuck in it."
As I spoke, the anger I felt when I first learned of the incident
came back to me.
I don't know who did it, but they are an absolute jerk.
"Lemmy continues to listen to me in silence.
"Lots of people banded together to catch the arrow duck and remove
the arrow from it... The culprit who shot the arrow may have done
it on a whim, but they have no idea how much trouble they caused for the duck and so many people..."
"Why didn't they shoot it again?"
　おいおい…。
"You're so cold-blooded... The duck was in pain, so you figured they
should've shot a killing blow?"
"In the States, hunting is a proper hobby. You won't succeed if you
empathize with your prey."
"It's a hobby?"
"My family would go to a lake in Oregon on the weekends to camp and
shoot water birds."
Shooting water birds in Oregon, huh?
None of what she was saying really clicked because I don't have a
clue about U.S. geography.
"I've heard of Oregon, but where is it, actually?"
Lemmy grins.
"There are three states on the west coast. Starting from the north,
we have Washington, Oregon, and California. Got it?"
...Oh, so the state of Oregon.
A vague map of the United States forms in my head and the three
states get slapped onto it on the west coast from north to south.
"...I think I kinda get it. So your family went camping and hunting?
That sounds pretty American."
「それでね、Ｄａｄ（父さん）といっしょに草むらから…こうやって、ライフルを構えて──」
Lemmy pretends to ready a rifle.
「──狙いを定めて…
ＢＡＮＧ！」
She shoots her pretend rifle.
Her performance with the extra details make it seem oddly real.
"Bull's eye! Bahahaha!"
She keeps up the act all the way to the hit.
"Lemmy, did you shoot with a real gun?"
"I only used an air gun."
Oh, whew... Still, the air gun she used was a proper hunting gun
that could kill people.
　子供のおもちゃといっしょにしてはいけない。
"I'm kinda jealous."
Her performance seems realistic because she is drawing from past
experiences.
I'd like to shoot a gun at least once in my life too.
"...Anyway, I get that. But the arrow duck wasn't someone's prey.
They shot it as a prank."
"Am I?"
"That's what I've been trying to tell you."
「それ…、ヤガモがかわいそう…」
"You finally sound humane... By the way, arrow duck isn't like a
species of duck, just a nickname for the duck that got shot."
"Hmm... I see..."
「………」
