（レミィ　回数イベントＰＳ）
（選択肢　いっしょに帰ろう）
「なあレミィ、いっしょに帰ろうぜ」
"Oh woe is me...
アタシ、ごいっしょできマセ～ン」
"You can't? Why not?"
"I gotta do some urchery now."
"Urchery? Ohh, you mean the Archery Club."
「ごいっしょします？」
Oh boy...
Meh, I got nothing better to do. It might be fun to see what the
Archery Club is all about.
「いいぜ。
ごいっしょしましょ」
"And this is the urchery range."
Lemmy takes me to the archery range where there are already a
number of club members around.
They are doing their warm-ups.
"I didn't know you guys did warm-up exercises for archery too."
I always saw archery as people shooting arrows while standing
completely still, but this proves that it really is a sport.
「準備体操は最初に済ませるの。
<kata>、やってみる？」
"No, I'll pass."
Why should I have to warm up too?
"Oh woe is me..."
"There's no woe about me. I just came to watch."
"Really?
　じゃあアタシ、着替えてくるネ」
With that, Lemmy walks over to the changing rooms.
I lean on a nearby wall and look around.
It looks like a regular dojo, but there is no wall at the back.
There is a lawn the size of a tennis court.
I look farther back to where the targets are positioned and assume
that the arrows fly across the lawn towards them.
There are also some volleyballs off to the side of the lawn. I have
no idea what they are used for.
・
・
・
After a little while, Lemmy appears in her hakama—a traditional
type of clothing worn when practicing Japanese archery.
　胴着とはかまを身につけたレミィは、いかにも日本好きの外人ってノリで、場違いなのかハマってるのかよくわからない。
「お待たせ、<kata>」
"Yeah."
"Now, before that..."
Lemmy suddenly begins to do her warm-ups.
It isn't as if someone would punish her for not being so diligent
about them.
But I want to see her shoot some arrows, not warm up.
"One, two, three, four..."
・
・
・
She's finally done.
　結構待たされたな…。
"C'mon. Hurry up."
"Before that..."
Lemmy turns around and calls out to a senior club member, who was
there from the start, asking for permission to shoot.
Permission is granted without any issue, so Lemmy begins to ready
her bow and arrow.
"C'mooon, I'm itching to see you in action."
While Lemmy is getting ready, one of the senior club members comes
over.
I assume they are a senior club member because of how Lemmy spoke
to them, but they look younger than her.
Japanese people really do tend to look younger.
As I am thinking to myself...
"Hey! Are you looking to join the Archery Club?"
The short-haired senior member asks.
"Oh, nah. I'm just here to watch."
"Are you in the same grade as her?"
The long-haired senior member asks.
「はあ…」
I nod.
"She's incredible. Watch her closely."
The senior club member says with a cheeky grin.
Huh... Lemmy insisted that she was a terrible shot, but it sounds
like she's actually really good.
I watch intently.
I don't know if there is a set way to do it, but Lemmy walks over
in a particular fashion with her bow and arrow in hand.
"I'm ready!"
Lemmy suddenly presents herself to the range.
Then she shifts her feet apart slightly and assumes her stance
facing the range sideways.
With a fluid movement, she loads the arrow, pulls the bow back
above her head, and then stops at shoulder height.
It feels as if time has stopped...
"Lemmy looks so cool in her full draw stance..."
Less than half of what her senior club members were saying makes it
into my comprehension.
Lemmy is so mentally focused that even I end up drawn in with her.
*whoosh*
She shoots her arrow.
*doomphf*
The arrow lands cleanly into the grass.
"U-Uh, what?"
"Ehehe..."
Lemmy looks at me with a sheepish grin.
What is with that whole build-up?
She made me wait all that time for THAT?
"Did you see that? Lemmy's stance is beautiful, but her arrow always
flies in random directions."
"It's strange, huh."
The senior members pick apart Lemmy's skills like a couple of
experts and nod in unison.
"That's a shame... I bet she wanted to look really cool in front of
her boyfriend."
B-Boyfriend?!
「あ、オレ、レミィとは──」
"It's okay, no need to explain yourself. Oh, I know! Get Lemmy to do
you-know-what. I'm sure her boyfriend will go ga-ga over her when
he sees that."
"(It's me!)"
They nod.
What are they going to make her do?
"Lemmy, show them that thing! Your boyfriend'll love it!"
I'm not her boyfriend, geez!
"Okie-dokie!"
Lemmy nods, runs off to the side of the dojo, and then pops out at
the edge of the lawn.
She is holding three arrows.
What's about to happen?
"Here I go!"
　そう言って、砂場の脇の先輩が何かを砂場に放り込んだ。
　地面にあたって跳ね返る、その何かはさっき見たバレーボールだった。
There are three of them and they are all tattered...
*fwoosh, fwoosh, fwooosh*
"Whoa!"
Lemmy shoots her arrows at them.
It takes less than five seconds to shoot all three arrows.
That is impressive in itself.
It would have been incredible if they all pierced through their
respective balls.
While the arrows didn't pierce the balls, they still managed to
bounce them all away.
"What do you think? Lemmy's pretty amazing, huh."
I nod without even realizing it.
"See that, Lemmy? He's fallen back in love with you!"
"Yaaaay!"
Lemmy waves at me.
"She hits moving targets with 100% accuracy. Oh, but we can't show
you any more since our coach will get mad if they see us doing it."
「<kata>、見直した？」
Lemmy smiles at me bashfully.
　オレの答えは──。
A. A compliment—"You're incredible."
B. A scolding—"That's not it."
Ｃ　意地悪く『べつに…』
