（レミィ　回数イベント　寄り道１　ＬＶ１）
（選択肢　話を変える）
I figure I should change the topic.
Which leads me to notice Lemmy holding a paper bag.
"What did you buy, Lemmy?"
"Oh, this?"
She crumples and rips the bag.
"It's a very useful book!"
　そんなセリフと一緒に出てきた本は『ことわざ格言辞典』だった。
　それも、出版社の違うのが２冊。
"You're already a walking dictionary of weird phrases and you're
buying more books to add to your knowledge?"
I am totally flabbergasted.
"It's boring reading the same book more than once. That's why I buy
different ones."
"Yeah, yeah. You studious little bookworm."
「<kata>も読む？」
"Come on, don't make me laugh."
"That's a pity. They're really interesting."
"Out of curiosity, how many dictionaries do you have?"
"At home?"
「ああ」
"Well..."
Lemmy thinks for a moment.
"I have 24 of them!"
She says with glee.
"24?! Including the ones you just bought?"
She shakes her head.
"No. I have 26 including these two."
Lemmy states matter-of-factly.
"They're not all about proverbs, are they?"
"Yes, I am!"
"No way..."
She has 24 more of pretty much the same books...
At this stage, she's surpassed the level of 'fanatic' and entered
the realm of 'proverb otaku.'
"Humor me here—do you have Japanese dictionaries or other books
aside from ones about proverbs?"
"Nope. Hehe..."
She giggles mischievously.
"That's kind of a relief... But I think you'd need ten or twenty
Japanese dictionaries on your bookshelf if you want to be an expert
on Japanese culture."
I am relieved so I end up saying something ridiculous to toy with
her.
"Really.
　じゃあ、アタシ、国語辞典も買って読むヨ」
"No, you don't have to! I retract what I just said! I'm sorry I even
mentioned it. I don't know what I'd do if you started using really
obscure Japanese words in addition to your proverbs."
"But..."
"Look, it's fine. Go ahead and keep polishing up your proverb chops."
「うん…」
Lemmy gives me a noncommittal nod.
I don't have a problem with her reading dictionaries, but I don't
enjoy getting lectured about Japanese every time we cross paths.
We keep talking for a while before Lemmy begrudgingly leaves the
shopping arcade, seemingly because she wants to buy more
dictionaries.
