（レミィと志保と勉強　３／１５）
（テスト２日目に連結）
I'm not feeling great so I really don't need this extra stress.
...Am I seriously okay?
I've got a double-whammy of English tests on Monday and Tuesday
next week.
I don't have much confidence to begin with, but now it's dwindling
even further...
I can logic my way through chemistry and social studies tests
without paying attention in class.
English is tough because you can't get anywhere without knowing the
spelling, and grammar adds another layer—you have to learn sentence
structure as well.
I guess building up your knowledge through regular classes and
reviewing your notes is the sure route to success.
If I don't shape up, I'll just end up with a pile of blank test
answers...
　ヤバすぎる。
I should have studied with Akari before it got to this point...
"Urgh... Gahhh..."
As I am sweating bullets, I hear some weird groaning coming from
behind me.
I turn around and see Shiho.
「なんだお前、テストの調子が悪すぎて頭がおかしくなったか」
Nah, there's no way she can go crazier than she already is.
...That must mean she's her usual self right now.
"I bet you were thinking that I couldn't get any crazier than I
already am, huh."
"H-How'd you know?"
"You have the thought processes of a cotton bud. Of course I knew."
"Says the weirdo groaning like a zombie in broad daylight."
"Quiet, you! I was agonizing over our double-whammy of English tests
starting the day after tomorrow."
...She is doing the same thing as me?
"That's no excuse to groan."
"It is too! Urrggghh, graaah, blerrrggh!"
"Shut up already."
As we are arguing...
"Are you pretending to be a pigeon?"
Lemmy pipes up from behind me.
"Oh, Lemmy."
"Shiho, were you mimicking a pigeon?"
"What the heck, Lemmy? Do pigeons groan like that?"
I'm pretty sure pigeons coo...
"Yeah, every morning."
"Huh, that's news to me too."
"Pigeons make 'wow-wow' noises every morning on my balcony."
"...You've got some creepy pigeons."
"Are you sure that's not some other creature? Like a body snatcher
or a skinwalker?"
"Some other creature pretending to be a pigeon?!"
「たぶんそうよ。
ねえ、<nick>」
"No way. This isn't some horror movie."
"Are they planning to take over the world?!"
"You bonehead. Why would someone plotting world domination transform
themselves into a pigeon?"
"Good point."
「アホはどっちよ。
ハトが世界征服するわけねーだろ、なんて油断しきってるよーなヤツが次のシーンで真っ先に死ぬのよ。
<nick>って典型的やられ一般人ね～」
"Yeah. The surviving main character is always skeptical."
"You were nodding along with me a second ago! Who's side are you
on?!"
「アハハハッ」
"Laughing to dodge the question, eh..."
「それより<kata>、テストダイジョブ？」
"Oh yeah, we were stressing over that just now."
Talk about veering way off topic.
"We've got the branch of science that deals with the property and
behavior of matter the day after tomorrow and social studies after
that, right?"
"The branch of sciences in the who-what now?"
"She's talking about chemistry. Keep up."
"Pfft. Acting all big just because you understood her explanation."
...Lemmy's not great with chemistry and social studies.
Her problems are different from ours.
"I'm so jealous that English is a breeze for you, Lemmy."
　オレは──。
A. I know! Teach me English, Lemmy."
B. Yeah, I'm super jealous."
