（レミィ　好感度イベントＰＳ）
（続き）
（レミィの家夜）
　夕方６時──。
I arrive at Lemmy's place ten minutes early.
When I press the intercom at her front gate, an unfamiliar voice
answers.
The front door opens and a bombshell beauty who looks like she'd
strolled off the pages of a stylish magazine greets me.
She has blonde hair, of course.
If Lemmy has an idol vibe, then this girl oozes with Hollywood-star
glamour.
"...G-Good evening."
I greet her and she bows deeply.
"Good evening. We're expecting you. Come right this way..."
She turns away with such elegance.
I thank her for letting me in and follow her.
As I did so, Lemmy pops out.
「<kata>、Ｇｏｏｄ　ｅｖｅｎｉｎｇ」
She runs straight over to me.
"Yeah."
"Come on in, good sir."
"...Hey, is that girl your big sister?"
I ask Lemmy on the way to her front door.
"Yup, that's my sis."
"She's gorgeous. You two are the epitome of stunning sisters."
"Ahahaha! Stunning sisters!"
Lemmy suddenly laughs out loud.
She seems to get a kick out of my casual compliment. It isn't
uncommon for her to have little laughing fits like this.
"Hey, did you actually understand the compliment?"
「うん。
ありがと、<kata>」
"Man, you find the strangest things funny..."
「アハハハッ」
As I say that, we reach her front door.
*grrrrrrrrr*
"Whoa!"
There is something waiting there.
A huge dog.
I-It's on high alert.
Lemmy sees her dog and gives it a big hug.
The dog has wavy ginger fur and floppy ears.
I don't think it's a mixed breed...
"Let me introduce you to a member of my family. Her name is Julie."
"Julie, huh? Nice to meet you."
I greet her, but Julie is still cautious of me.
「ダイジョブよ<kata>。
Ｊｕｌｉｅ、人は噛まないから」
That might be true, but being growled at by such a big dog would
make anyone's knees buckle.
"Y-Yeah."
That is all I can squeeze out in response.
"Julie, don't be grumpy."
Lemmy strokes Julie's head. Julie lowers her head and stops
growling.
...I think I'm in the clear now.
Despite my reaction, I used to have a dog of my own, so I have some
idea of how dogs feel. At least, I think I do.
I approach Julie.
"Nice to meet you."
I ruffle up the fur on her head, and Julie wags her tail happily.
Cute fluffball.
"Lucky you, Julie."
"Hey, Julie's a purebred, right? What breed is she?"
She is such a fine specimen of a dog that I have to ask.
"Yup! She's an Irish Setter."
"Sorry, I've never heard of that breed before."
"Irish Setters flush out birds."
"She's a hunting dog, huh? Cool."
"Hehe. Did you hear that, Julie?"
"I used to have a big dog myself. It was a Great Pyrenees."
A mutt with Great Pyrenees blood, that is.
「Ｏｈ！　Ｐｙｒｅｎｅｅｓ。
カッコイイ！」
"Hahaha, you think so? I don't know if it was 'cool.' 'Chill' might
be a better word.'"
"I love that breed."
"Thanks."
As we chat away...
"Have you finished getting Julie acquainted with our guest?"
Lemmy's sister appears.
　…よく考えたら、オレたちが行かないと、パーティが始められないんだよな。
Lemmy and I hurry a little into her house.
"Thank you for having me!"
　靴をはいたまま家に上がるのは、結構新鮮な感覚だった。
And I am surprised at just how clean and sparkling everything is.
I will find out later just why everything was so clean, though...
"Come right this way."
Cindy leads me through to a massive room.
In the center of the room is a large table with an impressive
spread of food.
I think it is a room reserved for parties, but it is just their
living room.
「イラッシャイ、<family>クン」
A man, who I think is Lemmy's father (?), comes in and greets me.
"Good evening. Pleased to meet you."
"Hahaha! I've heard so much about ya from my daughter!"
So it is Lemmy's father and he has the biggest Hollywood-star eyes
I've ever seen.
　ましてや、その手に黒光りするライフルが握られていればなおさらだ。
　ラ、ライフルぅ！？
　レミィの父さんらしき男の人は、ライフルの銃口をオレに向けたまま歩いてきた。
"Nice to meet ya. I'm Helen's dad.
The name's George. Wahaha!"
I hold my arms up as he introduces himself to me.
Why is he laughing with his gun pointed at me?!
"...I-I appreciate it.
でも、どうして…？」
Did I do something to warrant being shot?!
"Dad, don't point your gun at guests."
Cindy is exasperated.
「ハッハッハ、イイジャナイカＳｙｎｄｙ。
私ハコノ銃ヲ気ニ入ッテルンダ。
会社デハ我慢シテルコトダシ、セメテ家ノ中デクライハ構エサセテクレヨ。
ナア？
　
<family>クン」
"Y-Yeah...?"
What's with this guy?!
"Relaaax. The gun's not loaded. See?"
"Hahaha! Ohhh, it's not loaded!"
"But look at you! The little kid from all those years ago is a fine
man now! Wahaha!"
He puts his arm around my shoulders.
The gun is still pointed right at me.
"Th-Thank you. You're too kind."
So that kind man from before was actually a gun-wielding maniac?!
「アレ以来、スッカリＨｅｌｅｎハ<family>クンヲ気ニ入ッテシマッテネ」
"Um, you're referring to Lemmy when you say 'Helen,' right?
Why do you call her that?"
It has been on my mind for a while so I figured I would ask.
"Oh, my family calls me Helen."
Lemmy chimes in.
「家族の間だけの名前なのよ。
もちろん、<name>君も呼んでいいのよ」
"Th-Thank you, but I'm more comfortable calling her what I'm used to."
「マ、ソンナコトヨリ、ドウダイ<family>クン、今度私ト『キジ』ヲ撃チニ行カナイカ？」
"Yeah! Let's go!"
"Ph-Pheasants?"
I don't know how to respond.
「…父さん、Ｈｅｌｅｎ、そのくらいにしておいたら？
　
言うことが野蛮だから、<name>君困ってるわよ」
Cindy throws me a well-timed lifeline.
「…ソレハナイゾＳｙｎｄｙ、狩猟ハ紳士ノスポーツダゾ。
ナア、<family>クン」
"R-Really?
　はははっ；」
"Yup! And I'm a lady."
「父さん、そろそろ私にも<name>君と話させてもらえるかしら？」
Lemmy's father thinks for a moment.
"Sure. You may rent him for a minute."
"Hahaha, 'rent'...?"
Am I just an object to this family?
"Sorry, he's always like this outside of work..."
Cindy says, rolling her eyes.
"That's okay. It makes him easy to get along with."
Watching her father is like watching the origins of Lemmy's
personality play out.
Lemmy definitely resembles him.
"Now then, allow me to introduce myself properly. I'm Cindy. Lovely
to meet you."
The sight of Cindy bowing makes her seem so elegant.
"Nice to meet you too."
I bow as well and think to myself—
Cindy must resemble her mother.
As that thought crosses my mind, I become curious as to what their
mother is like.
Their father's American, so their mother must be Japanese.
I want to see her...
　──と、そのとき！
*skrrt, skrrrt*
I hear the sound of something rolling down the hallway at an
incredible speed.
　と思ったら、バッコーンとドアを蹴破って飛び込んできた人影が──。
"YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
It is a boy on a skateboard storming in, kicking up a fuss.
He makes a sharp turn in front of the table and grabs one of the
sandwiches there.
I'd say he is about 10 years old with a cheeky, freckled face—like
what you'd expect from a little brat in a manga.
He couldn't have been someone else's child, so I assume it is
Lemmy's little brother.
"Cut it out, Mickey! That's so rude!
ヨッ！」
Lemmy goes over to yell at him.
　男の子──ミッキー君？
──は『やべぇ』って顔でサンドをぱくりと一口。
He then grins at me and throws the sandwich over Lemmy's head.
It flies through the air towards...me.
"Oh."
I frantically catch it with two hands.
"You dimwit, Helen!"
While everyone's attention is turned towards the trajectory of the
sandwich, Mickey kicks the floor and glides away on his skateboard.
　…ははっ、結構やるじゃねーか。
I can't help but smile at his slick work.
「Ｗｈａｔ’ｓ　ｔｈａｔ！？」
Ignoring the furious Lemmy, the boy skateboards over to me with his
hand held out.
"Hey! Pass it over!"
Yeah, yeah, I know.
The sandwich, right?
「ほらよ」
I hand the sandwich to him as he cruises by.
"Thanks, Bro!"
Mickey makes a sharp turn, hiding behind me, and starts to eat his
sandwich.
I am a little surprised that he can speak Japanese.
"Hehehe, you two make a nice duo."
Cindy chuckles.
But Lemmy won't stand for it after being messed with.
"Hey, Mickey."
She storms over.
The sight of a big sister getting angry at her little brother.
This is my first time seeing Lemmy mad.
She's your typical big sister around the house.
"Now, now, Lemmy. We're here to have a party tonight. Cut him some
slack."
I try to help Mickey.
「でもね、<kata>…」
"Yeah, yeah, I know. Say, Mickey? You should apologize to your
sister."
I try to calm Lemmy down as I urge Mickey, who is still behind me,
to apologize.
Mickey looks back and forth between Lemmy and me before nodding.
"*mumble, mumble*
*mumble, mumble*"
I think he apologizes, but he is speaking in English, and he is
speaking so quietly I can't hear him.
　カワイイもんじゃねえか。
"Gosh... Hehe."
Cindy begins to laugh.
"Hey, Lemmy? I didn't catch what he said."
"He said, 'I guess it was sort of my fault, maybe.'"
"...Hahaha! What a little snotball!"
I start laughing too.
"*pant, pant, pant, pant*
ココハＭｉｃｋｙノ技アリダ。
Ｍｉｃｋｙ、ツイデダカラ<family>クンニ自己紹介シナサイ」
Lemmy's father joins in on the laughs too.
His rifle is aimed at Mickey, though.
You would think he is threatening him with it.
But Mickey doesn't seem to care and nods.
「俺、Ｍｉｃｈａｅｌ。
よろしく、<kata>兄ちゃん」
He holds out his right hand.
I assumed Lemmy must have told him about me since he already knows
my name.
"Yeah.
よろしくな、ミッキー」
I hold out my right hand too.
I thought 'Mickey' was his name the whole time, but it is short for
'Michael.'
American names can be so confusing...
「たんなる『愛称』です」
As I thought to myself...
"What do you think about my dad pointing his gun towards his family
like that? It's like our house is a big-game park."
"Wahaha! Because the fierce predators in our home like to steal food
before it's time to eat!"
"Oh man...
もっと優しく調教して欲しいよ」
Mickey throws his arms up in the air in annoyance.
Their little act is hilarious.
「はははっ…；」
The exchanging of jokes between them brings a smile to my face.
I like the vibe.
　と、そのとき──。
*knock, knock*
There is a knock on the big door at the back of the room. A second
later, it opens.
A cart comes rolling in.
Who's pushing the cart?
"Freeze!"
Lemmy's father yells as he points his gun at them.
Freeze...?
Who is it?
"Goodness me. If you make me freeze for any longer this soup is
gonna freeze over too."
The person pushing the cart says in exasperation.
It is a woman in traditional Japanese clothing.
「…ハッハッハ。
テッキリ賊ガ入リ込ンダノカト思ッテナ。
アヤメ、今チョウド<family>クンガ見エタトコロダ。
彼ニアイサツシテオキナサイ」
「あら、<family>さんが？」
"Oh, hello! Good evening."
"Goodness me! Hello there! Thank you for being such a good friend to
my daughter. My name is Ayame, and I am George's wife."
"It's nice to meet you. You don't have to thank me for being friends
with Lemmy. The pleasure is all mine."
Ayame bows deeply in the same way that Cindy did, and I bow as well.
She is Japanese and exactly how I pictured she would be.
Lemmy's mother is also beautiful and so refined...
How I envy Lemmy.
"*pant, pant, pant, pant*
全員ソロッタトコロデ、始メヨウカ」
「ＯＫ！」
Mickey skateboards over to the cart.
He reaches out and almost touches it as he zooms past.
"Thanks for the—
Oh no!
How could you?!"
He suddenly holds his head in a dramatic fashion.
"What's the matter, Mickey?"
"Haven't you forgotten something, Mom?"
"What have I forgotten?"
"The food, Mom! You expect us to eat a cart?!"
"Oh my goodness, you're right!"
　おかしそうに口元に手をあてる、お母さん。
"Honestly! What happened to Maggie?"
"We sent her off to get her actuator replaced, so she won't be back
for three days."
Cindy says.
"Really? Mom has to take over for her for three whole days?"
Who's Maggie?
I ask Lemmy.
"Maggie's our Robomaid."
"Oh, really?"
"And Cindy's studying mechanical engineering, so she knows a bunch
about machines."
"Mechanical engineering? That sounds impressive."
As I speak to Lemmy...
"Hurry up and bring out the food, Mom!"
"Yes, yes, I know."
Lemmy's mother leaves the room snickering as Mickey pushes her.
"...Geez, the thought of being fed a cart for three whole days sure
gets me down."
"Bahaha! You know how forgetful your mom can be. You better start
developing a taste for carts!"
Evidently, Lemmy's mother can be absentminded.
Everyone's so unique. This house must be full of fun every day.
A cheeky little brother, a father who walks around the house with
his rifle, and an absentminded mother.
As for her big sister, well...
Actually, maybe she's the most normal one of the bunch.
Her only "quirk" is her stunning beauty.
"Mom's been gone for a while."
Cindy mutters.
Lemmy nods.
Come to think of it, five minutes has already passed.
"I'm staaaaaarving..."
"Maybe she's reheating the soup."
"I'll go check on her."
"Wait, Cindy!"
"What is it, Dad?"
「デハ、私ガ──」
I don't know why, but everyone puts their hand up to go to the
kitchen.
And Mickey, of all people, is the one who tells his dad not to
because it will be dangerous to take the rifle with him.
He even tells Cindy not to go.
It makes sense to be against bringing rifles to the kitchen, but
what is the problem with Cindy going?
"I'll go."
"You're a dingbat, so I'll go instead!"
Mickey kicks his skateboard up.
"You little brat! I'm not a dingbat!"
Lemmy tries to chase after him, but she is no match for his
skateboarding skills.
"Hahaha! You two get along so well."
"Mickey always teases me..."
"He wants your attention."
・
・
・
・
・
"Oh my gosh!"
After a little while, Mickey returns looking disappointed.
"What's wrong?"
"Mom had the soup cooking on the stove from before she even came in,
so now there's a hole in the pot."
"Daaang, that's a crying shame!"
"No soup for today's party then."
「残念デス…」
"Hurry up and fix Maggie already, Cindy."
"Not possible. It'd be one thing if it was something simple, but I
need a specialist garage for her issue."
"...I'll do my best to develop a taste for carts."
Mickey is deflated.
Carts aren't even edible!
・
・
・
・
・
And so the party begins—without the soup.
"Cheers!"
We all raise our glasses for the toast.
「サァ、コレデ<family>クンハ家族ノ一員ダ！
　
コレカラハ<name>ト呼バセテモラウヨ」
Lemmy's father says after I took a sip of juice.
His rifle is aimed at who he is talking to, as usual.
「…ど、どうも」
"No booze for minors! Have some soda instead."
Lemmy's father whips out a bottle of soda.
I have only had a sip of my juice, but he tries to refill my glass
anyway.
"Th-Thank you."
There is no way I can refuse his gesture.
I hold my almost-full glass out to him.
　ソーダがとくとくと注がれて、やがて表面張力の限界まで──。
"Whoa, whoa, whoa."
The soda reaches the brim and then overflows, as one would expect.
But there is already someone with a handkerchief under the glass...
"Careful, Dad. You'll stain the floor."
Cindy says.
She was on the other side of the table just a second ago... When
did she zip over here?
"Wahaha! My bad! You're always so quick on your feet, Cindy!"
Lemmy's father chuckles.
"Yo! Cindy!"
Mickey calls out from the other side of the table.
He is holding a giant bowl of salad.
There is a single lettuce leaf in his right hand.
Oh...
He flaps it around before dropping it.
　──ダンッ！
Someone pounces off the floor.
"Whaaaa?!"
Cindy leaps over the table, diving towards Mickey.
She jumped three yards across?!
What surprises me more is that after flipping in the air, Cindy
stands up holding the piece of lettuce that Mickey had dropped.
Did she catch it before it hit the floor?
「Ｓｙｎｄｙはね、トッテモきれい好きなの」
「違うよＨｅｌｅｎ。
病的ケッペキ症、って言うんだよ」
"Please excuse my improper behavior... Mickey, I won't let you off
so easily if you do that again."
Cindy smiles at me before scowling at Mickey.
　病的潔癖症…。
That doesn't mean she has to act so frantically before things get
dirty...
I guess Cindy has her own quirk after all...
Mickey stopped her from going into the kitchen because she would
not leave until she cleaned it all of oil stains as well as soot
and rust.
...After all of the chaos, Lemmy's mom doesn't let us down (?) and
mixes up the salt with sugar before the party comes to a close.
　バッチリ盛り上がり、終わる頃にはオレもすっかり宮内家の一員になっていた。
I never find out why I am the only one invited, but I'm sure Lemmy
just wants me to become friends with her family.
