（Ｂ　バイトか？）
"Rushing off to work?"
「えっ…！？」
"I've seen people jumping out of the classroom looking white as a
sheet because they were late for work, and you looked just like
that."
"I-I looked like a sheet?"
"That was a figure of speech."
Although, she does actually look a little pale.
"But I guess not too many people would have work scheduled at this
hour on weekdays."
"Actually, you were right..."
「え？」
"I have work after this..."
"I guessed correctly?"
"Hehehe..."
"And that's why you were rushing?"
"I-I'm almost late, so..."
"We shouldn't be talking while standing around then."
We started walking as we continued the conversation.
"What sort of work, by the way? Convenience store clerk?"
"For today, I'm distributing tissue packets. This sort of work
usually starts from noon but I begged them to let me start after
school instead, so I can't be late."
"I see.
でも『今日は』ってのどういうことだ？
　毎日違うバイトやってんのか？」
"Yes! I also work at the convenience store and YacDonald's sometimes.
Then there's the newspaper delivery, arcade, flyer distribution,
and I work as a mover on Sundays..."
"Hey, hang on. That sort of extreme job-hopping doesn't sound
healthy."
"I'm not job-hopping."
「は？」
"I'm working all these jobs simultaneously every day!"
"So you'll be working at a few places today as well?"
「うん。
ティッシュ配りが終わったら、ゲームセンターで店員さんやって、あとはお家で宛名書きやって──」
She starts listing out her various jobs happily while taking her
shoes out of the rack.
"That's a lot of work for a high school kid..."
「大丈夫。
私、このくらいだったら全然──」
Rio is so engrossed in talking that she smacks her face into the
door of the shoe cabinet she has just opened.
I am flabbergasted...
"Hey, you okay?"
"I-I'm fine..."
"That was a really loud smack..."
"I-I'm just a clumsy person!"
"Can you actually do your job like that? Feels like you'd be always
making mistakes."
"Don't worry! I'm super careful during work."
You should be careful every day.
"Well, just don't overdo it, okay?"
「うん。
わかった」
As soon as she says that, Rio takes off, moving at a speed you'd
never expect just by looking at her.
