（理緒　好感度／日付イベント）
（４月２９日）
（自室）
I should go grab some dinner.
I skipped lunch today because it felt like too much of a pain to
bother with.
The way my stomach is growling tells me that instant noodles alone
aren't going to be enough to fill up my stomach properly now.
I am seriously hungry.
So, where should I eat?
It has to be somewhere with large servings, at least.
Maybe a restaurant...
I pray that it won't be too crowded, since it is dinnertime on a
holiday.
I leave the house intending to walk around town.
When I reach the station, I notice that there are more people than
usual around.
Come to think of it, Golden Week started this weekend.
Some of the crowd has to be working people who've taken more days
off in between national holidays to string their vacation days
together into one big, continuous break.
That isn't something regular high school students can do.
I am kinda envious.
As I am about to step inside the relatively empty restaurant, an
unfamiliar woman thrusts a flyer for English conversation classes
into my face.
Now here's a hardcore part-timer.
Working hard even on a day like this.
Speaking of part-time jobs, I can't help but think of Rio.
Is she also working at one of her jobs today?
The restaurant is full of families and couples, like I expected.
Not that I am at the age where I feel lonely having dinner alone.
　しかし──。
Rio's face keeps surfacing in my mind.
Not everyone with families has the chance to eat together every day...
A pleasant night breeze is blowing when I step out of the shop.
I decide to go for a little walk.
It isn't like I have anything to do at home.
So, I take the longer way home by going for a stroll along the
river.
It is a little too early for it to be chilly, but getting some cool
night air seems like a good idea.
This is nice, once in a while.
With that thought on my mind as I walk, I look up and see a girl
coming toward me from the other direction. She gasps in surprise.
「あれっ、<family>くん。
ぐうぜんー」
"Huh? Who are you...wait. Is that you, Rio?"
"You can't tell?"
"You look like a completely different person with your hair down...
I had no idea for a while."
"Ah, right. I'm on my way home from the public bathhouse."
　なるほど。
Her hair is indeed still wet.
"Wow, who could've guessed you'd look so different with your hair
down!"
"Is it really that different? Hahaha!"
She laughs energetically.
Her long hair sways as she does, and I can smell her shampoo.
「ところで、<family>くんはなにしてたの？」
「えっ？」
I am so distracted by the smell of the shampoo that I can't respond
in time.
"Oh, well... Just strolling around?"
"Did you take it easy today?"
"Something like that. How about you? Working hard even during the
holidays?"
I simply blurt out what comes to mind.
"Yeah, but not the whole day."
"Oh? Taking some time to smell the roses?"
"Yes...something like that. Hahaha..."
She seems happy about it.
Bumping into Rio with her hair down coming back from a public bath
in an idyllic place like this is really having an effect on me.
As is her warm smile.
"You live nearby?"
"Yeah, just over there."
「やっぱりな」
"Just a feeling."
「<family>くん、まっすぐ帰っちゃうの？」
"Hm?
そうだな、もうちょっとぶらぶらしててもいいかな」
「じゃ、途中までいっしょに帰ろ？」
「ああ、いいぜ」
We start walking side-by-side.
「…でも私、こんなふうに<family>くんといっしょに歩いたり、笑ったりできるようになっちゃったんだね。
ちょっと驚くな」
"Yeah. You couldn't even string two sentences together the first
time we met in school."
"Hehehe... That's why it feels so strange."
"Does it?"
"It does!"
While she is laughing awkwardly, her toiletries fall from her hands
and roll all over the ground.
　石ケンやタオルがオレの足もとに散らばる。
"Whoops."
I quickly squat down and pick the fallen items up.
"Haha, you never change, do you? Here, and hold on to them this time."
「あっ、ごめんなさい」
「あれ…？」
Why does this feel like deja vu?
This action of picking something up...
I have a feeling Rio was right next to me at that time too.
No...this isn't deja vu.
When did it happen? Let me think...
「どうかしたの？
　
<family>くん？」
「ん？」
Rio gives me a puzzled look.
「…いや、なんでも──」
I stop short of finishing that sentence.
"Have we met before? Like a long time ago?"
I ask.
"What? You...remember?"
"So we really did meet before...? Not that I remember it clearly,
it's just that...I had a feeling."
"When was that again?
It was just once...
"You may not remember it, but yes, we have met before."
"Really? When?"
"On Christmas Day. Not Christmas Eve, but on the 25th itself.
Remember now?"
"Christmas?"
Huh?
　去年のクリスマスの日は、両親といっしょだったな。
The party on Christmas Eve was held with the usual crew, and on the
25th...
I watched TV at home, stuffed my face with cake, drank some
champagne... What else happened?
「<family>くん、その日、ケーキ買ったでしょ？」
"Cake? Yes, I did..."
I was the one who went to buy the Christmas cake.
I waited until the shop was about to close so that I could grab it
at a discount.
Needless to mention, it was so that I could use the change as
pocket money, being the cheapskate I was.
"How did you know about that?"
That day...
"That was the day we first met..."
Rio quietly starts recalling what happened that night.
That day was the first snowfall of the year.
Even though they would grow tired of the snow eventually, at least
on that night, everyone welcomed it.
I was there too, standing under a streetlight at night.
I was holding a sales placard in my baggy Santa Claus costume as I
stood behind a pile of cake boxes.
There were so many people around because it was Christmas, and the
light snow melted quickly because of them. It didn't even get a
chance to pile up on the ground.
Even so, not many people stopped by to take a look at the leftover
cakes I was hawking.
　お客さんを呼ぶ声も、白い息といっしょに雑踏に消えていきます。
I was shivering from the cold.
I wore layers and gloves but the cold seemed to come from within
and would not go away.
I just wanted work to end quickly.
In the cold, I started thinking about what I would do after work.
　これが終わったら、家で待ってる弟たちといっしょに、病院にいる母に会いに行こう。
　売れ残ったケーキをひとつもらって…。
It was then, when I was staring at nothing in particular that...
「ケーキ一個」
A customer called out to me.
He was about my age and seemed a little gruff and unfriendly.
I was even a little afraid of him.
"Y-Yes, Sir! Thank you very much! One cake, right?"
　慌てて手袋をはずし、ケーキの山からひとつ取ろうと箱に手を伸ばしたとき──。
「あっ！」
It was unbelievable! I couldn't move my frozen hands properly and
ended up toppling the entire cake heap.
I automatically squeezed my eyes shut.
I didn't want to open them ever again.
I didn't want to see the consequences of what I had just done.
Why was I always so clumsy?
And on such an important day, at that...
I felt like crying.
　でも…。
"Hey, you..."
"When I next opened my eyes, I saw...
I saw the scary-looking customer desperately trying to stop the
heap of boxes from falling over.
"A little help here?"
"Ah! I'm coming!"
Thanks to that customer, the cakes were saved.
　たったひとつ、一番上にあった箱だけは、道路に転がってしまいましたが…。
The customer picked that box up with a pained look on his face.
Then, he peered inside.
"It still has its original shape...just barely. Whatever. I'll take
this one."
He said all that with a wry smile.
「えっ！？
　
あっ、あの、ちゃんとしたのとお取り替えしますから──」
"It's fine. I'm just gonna eat it anyway."
「でも…」
「それよりも、こんなに寒いのに大変だな。
全部売るまでがんばれよ」
He said that, flashed me a smile, and then disappeared into the
crowd.
"That was me?"
「うん…」
Rio nods. She was the girl in the Santa costume that night.
"When I realized we attended the same school and were in the same
grade, I was elated."
"Hahaha! I barely remember that happening."
I laugh awkwardly.
From Rio's point of view, I must've looked like a knight in shining
armor.
"It wasn't that big of a deal at all, you know."
"It was! It was to me."
"Okay..."
This is becoming more and more awkward.
"At first, all I wanted to do was say thank you. But before I
realized it, my feelings turned into admiration, and then..."
"Yeah, I know. Still, I'm not the hero you think I am."
「うん。
私、自分の中のあこがれを、勝手に<family>くんにあてはめてたんだよね」
"Reality was different, right?"
「そうだね」
It's been nearly two months since I met Rio.
Needless to mention, she should've seen my true colors by now.
"You're not always cool and stylish like in the TV shows... You have
your unglamorous moments too."
"That's life."
"And that's honestly a relief."
「え？」
「いままでは、<family>くんに釣り合うように、一生懸命背伸びしてたけど、でも、もっと、ほんとの私でもいいのかなって…」
"You just realized that now? I've been doing that right from the
start."
「<family>くんと、会って、話して、いっしょに歩いて、やっとそう思えるようになったんだ」
"It means our relationship has grown."
I say that with a smile, and Rio's face brightens.
「私、勝手にあこがれてた頃の<family>くんより、いまのほうが、好きだよ」
「へえ」
「それが、私の素直な気持ち。
正直な気持ち。
顔も知らない私なんかと、普通につきあってくれて…。
<family>くんのこと、あの頃より、ずっとよくわかるよ」
Things are indeed very different than back when she first confessed
to me.
We can talk to each other so casually now.
"There's still a lot more to learn about me."
「…え？」
"You're gonna be seeing even more stuff about me...both good and bad."
"I know. That's all part of getting to know each other better,
right?"
"Yeah. That means I have lots more to learn about your derpy side as
well."
I joke and laugh.
"Y-Yeah, but...I'm okay with that."
「ん？」
「私は、自然にしてる<family>くんのこと好きになれたから、だから私も自然にしてる。
へんにかっこつけたりしないね」
"My, my, when did you become so confident?"
"Oh, come on! It took all my courage to say that!"
"Hahaha! Sorry, sorry. But honestly, I'd feel a lot less stressed if
you could just be yourself."
"As long as you promise not to laugh when I'm making a fool of
myself."
"What's wrong with laughing at that?"
"Are you really going to laugh at me?!"
"You want me to be myself, right?"
"Well...yes."
She nods and says...
「ね…」
She is staring at me.
「なに？」
「…私も、正直な気持ちを言ったんだから、<family>くんの正直なところも聞きたいな」
She smiles a little self-consciously.
"To be honest, I'm somewhat torn."
She says.
"Get what?"
「いっしょにいるだけで、こんなにうれしいから、このまま普通にお友だちでもいいかなって思ったりもしてるの。
…でも、少しでも長くいっしょにいたいって気持ちは、前より強くなってきちゃってて…。
Hahaha... I'm being too greedy."
"You really like me, huh?"
"I've always admired you... I honestly didn't think I'd come to like
you even more than before."
「ははっ…」
I chuckle at her words.
「だからね、ちょっとズルして、<family>くんに決めてもらおうと思うんだ」
"Me?"
「<family>くんが、やっぱり私のこと、恋人とかって考えてないんだったら、私、きっぱりとあきらめるから」
"Just like that?"
「でも、お友だちなのは、そのままだからね。
でないと、こんなこと聞けないもの」
Her tone is cheerful but I can tell she is dead serious.
　特別な関係じゃなくても、オレといっしょにいたいだなんて、これは本当に好かれてると思って…
いいよな？
"So, will you tell me how you feel?"
「あ、ああ…」
I open my mouth and say...
「オレ、理緒ちゃんのこと──」
A. Like you too.
B. I'm sorry, but...
