（綾香　日付イベント２）
（選択肢Ｂ　の続き）
（選択肢ＡＢ　の続き）
"So? You really think my sister and I are alike?"
"You really are. In terms of outer appearances, that is."
"Oh? So we're different inside?"
"Completely."
"How so?
　
どんなふうに？」
"Everything? It's like you two are polar opposites."
"Nah, no way! We are sisters after all. I'm sure we're more similar
than not."
"I'm not sure about that..."
"I am! We have similar thinking and preferences. But we do have
differences since we were brought up in different environments."
"Different environments?"
「私、小学校の途中まで、両親といっしょにニューヨークで暮らしてたから。
姉さんはお爺さまに預けられて、ずっと日本にいたけど」
"New York? That's amazing. So you're a returnee, huh?"
"I returned like six years ago, though. Although I do tend to think
more American than Japanese because of that."
"I kinda see that."
She is definitely unconventional.
Kinda like Lemmy, so I understand what she means.
「じゃ、もし先輩も海外で育ってたら、お前みたいな性格になってたってことかな」
"Well... I think that would depend more on her education than her
environment, you know?"
"Education?"
"I'm sure you know how terrible Serika is with interpersonal
relationships. That's the result of grandfather's education
ずっとお屋敷の中で無菌状態に育ったから、友だちがいなくてあんなふうになっちゃったの」
"Oh..."
「その点、私は小さい頃から自由だったし、向こうの悪友たちといっぱい外で遊んだわ。
空手の道場とかも通ったりして──」
「空手え？」
「うん。
最近やめちゃったけどね。
向こうにいた頃からずっとやってたの」
"That's completely different from the Kurusugawa I know."
She wouldn't touch martial arts with a ten-foot pole.
"Grandfather would've forbidden her from doing something as ungirly
as that. That's the sort of person he is."
"You trying to say he's old-fashioned?"
"Yeah. He's too prim and proper for someone like me who was raised
in the States."
She sighs.
"He's been really naggy lately and trying to get me to learn to be
more feminine. Like being really forceful even though I said no."
"And that's why you were running away?"
"That's right. He's trying to get me to learn flower arrangement or
something from some master."
"And you ditched the lesson... What a waste. You should've just sat
in and learned something."
"Look, I can't sit still in a small room for too long. I prefer to
move around."
She weaves her fingers together and stretches her arms out.
She really does seem like a dyed in the wool tomboy.
"Our conversation has fizzled out.
"Whew…"
Ayaka breathes out and narrows her eyes at the river bed.
A few children are playing baseball there.
*clink*
The sound of a metal bat hitting a ball reaches us as a breeze
starts tousling Ayaka's hair.
「………」
　うーん。
When she keeps quiet like this, she really does look like
Kurusugawa.
Their side profiles, especially.
Ayaka watches the children play for a while, and then...
"I wish I could play too..."
She mutters under her breath.
"What do you mean? Why ask that all of a sudden.
　野球って、子供に混ざってか？」
「そうよ」
She nods unabashedly.
"A lady of house Kurusugawa and baseball don't belong in the same
sentence."
"You don't get it... It's exactly because I'm a lady. Man, I just
wanna hit a ball with all my might..."
She stretches her limbs.
For some reason, the words "Tomboy Princess" flash across my mind.
"Pffssh..."
I am snickering before I know it.
"You look just like her yet you're completely different, and it
feels so off!"
"Oh?"
"But yeah, you're sisters all right—totally identical in your
unpredictability."
I laugh and stand up.
"Nobody you know will be coming here."
I pat the grass off my pants.
"So just go ahead and join the baseball game if you really want to."
「ええ？」
Ayaka looks at me and smiles hesitantly.
"I'll join you too. I haven't been exercising enough lately."
I say, stretching one of my shoulders.
「…そうね」
She stands up with a giggle.
Then, Ayaka and I ask the kids to let us join them.
　綾香は女ながらに運動神経抜群で、オレに勝るとも劣らない大活躍ぶりを披露し、一躍子供たちの人気者になった。
It is a blur of fun, and just like that, the evening is upon us.
"I had a lot of fun today."
「オレも」
「つき合ってくれてありがとう。
また今度、こうやっていっしょに遊びましょ」
She smiles cheerfully as the setting sun casts everything around in
a red glow.
"I'll see you around!"
「おう」
She walks away after waving.
But after two or three steps, she stops and turns around.
「あ、そうそう、姉さんだけど──」
"I think she probably likes you."
「えっ！？」
"Hehehe... I can tell. Call it a sister's instincts. I told you we
have similar interests and preferences, right?"
She smiles.
"So there's hope for you yet."
"About what?"
"Hehe... That's all I'm saying. See ya!"
She waves again and leaves.
Kurusugawa likes me?
S-Seriously?
In that case...
Yes! That's great!
If it is guaranteed by her younger sister with similar interests
and preferences, surely I can trust that.
...Unless she is just making fun of me.
What Ayaka likes is what Kurusugawa likes...
　んー？
　まてよ？
　ということは、つまり綾香本人もこのオレのことを──。
"Hmmm...
What is she trying to do, anyway?
I knew it. She is just making fun of me.
